
# Apnea/Hypoxia: The patient experienced apnea in the immediate
post-operative period following debridement of a tracheal
nodule. The apnea was thought to be attributed to paralytics,
which warranted intubation. When the paralytic agents wore off,
the patient was extubated, but remained hypoxia. The prolonged
hypoxia post-operatively was attributed to aspiration
pneumonitis likely with an element of post-operative
inflammation from the procedure itself. The patient remained
rhoncorous with course upper airway breath sounds throughout the
hospitalization. CXR ruled out PNA as a potentialy source of
hypoxia, and the patient did not produce significant volumes of
concentration of blood in the sputum concerning for tracheal
bleed. Other possibilities include worsening of underlying lung
cancer which is unlikely to explain acute hypoxia. The patient
was eventually transitioned to high flow face mask, followed by
high-flow face tent, followed by nasal cannular on 4L. The
patient was weaned without event from 4L to 2L nasal cannula and
transferred to the inpatient medical floor, where she continued
sat'ing ~94% on 2L. Nebs were administered on an as needed basis
throughout the duration of hospitalization, and were found to be
helpful in terms of coughing up phlegm.

The patient was taken off supplemental oxygen the following day
and sat'ed within her normal baseline range 88-92% on room air
without any problems at rest. However, patient desaturated with
physical therapy during activity. They recommended home oxygen
(2L with activity)when ambulating with a walker. The patient
will be discharged with home oxygen as well as VNA services.
.
# Hct Drop: The patient presented with a Hct 44.7 and found to
have a Hct of 33.1 post-operatively. The low Hct is most likely
attributable to fluids received during procedure and minimal
blood loss, however given the 12 point drop, her lab values were
followed and the Hct level was stable and began to rise without
event or concern for chonic blood loss. Hct 34.0->35.8 this AM.
.
# Non-Small Cell Lung CA: A new tracheal mass identified on CT
in [**Month (only) **] was highly concerning for metastasis and likely to
grow to occlude airway the airway, so surgical debridement was
warranted with interventional pulmonology without intraoperative
complications outside of apnea/hypoxia as elaborated on above.
The patient is now POD#2 s/p debridment by IP. Biopsy results
are pending. She is followed by interventional pulmonology for
continued management.
.
# Goals of Care: Discussed code status with patient, daughter
and sons. [**Name (NI) **] quite clearly does not desire intubation or
heroic measures. Daughter is having a difficult time with this
but understands and respects her mother's wishes. The DNR/DNI
status was confirmed with the patient and her health care proxy.

.
# IDDM: Continued home glargine and home meds.
.
# HTN: Continued amlodipine, lopressor and ASA.
.
# Hyperlipidemia: Continued home statin.
