
The patient was initially admitted to MICU [**Location (un) **] for severe
encephalopathy requiring intubation in the ED for airway
protection. She was treated for hepatic encephalopathy, with
lactulose and rifaximin. Initial cultures revealed
carbapenemase-resistant E.coli, for which she was initially
treated with nitrofurantoin and amikacin. Nitrofurantoin was
subsequently discontinued. Per ID recommendations, antibiotics
were changed to colistin, then ultimately to tetracycline. She
was weaned off of the ventilator and was transferred to the
internal medicine service on [**9-16**]. Her lactulose dose was
increased. Her renal function worsened, which was believed
likely due to nephrotoxic medications. She was also started on
octreotride, midodrine and albumin for hepatorenal syndrome. Se
was transferred back to MICU Green on [**9-19**] for worsening
encephalopathy and labs consistent with low-grade DIC, including
a ten point hematocrit drop, thrombocytopenia, worsening
coagulation studies, and indirect hyperbilirubinemia. Hematology
was consulted and agreed with diagnosis of DIC. Over the
subsequent days, the patient required large amounts of blood
products, including red blood cells, platelets, cryoprecipitate,
and fresh frozen plasma. Despite these measures, she still had
large amounts of bloody output from her rectal tube; she was
felt too unstable to undergo any GI procedures, and was treated
with further blood transfusions. Her significant hypernatremia
and hypercalcemia improved to some degree during her stay in the
MICU. The patient's mental status did not improve, and she was
reintubated for hypoxic respiratory failure, which was partially
due to a new pneumonia. Her mental status was sufficiently poor
that she only required intermittent sedation for her
endotracheal tube. She had high residuals through her OG tube,
and tube feeds frequently had to be held. She had frequent
bloody secretions from her endotracheal tube; bronchoscopy
revealed diffuse oozing of blood throughout her bronchi.
Multiple family meetings were held, including a meeting with the
patient's primary hepatologist, who confirmed that the patient
was not a candidate for retransplantation. As the patient's
liver disease was believed to be a central factor in her
deteriorating condition, measures were transitioned towards
making the patient comfortable and prolonging her life only long
enough for her family members to be able to say goodbye. She
passed away peacefully with her family at her side.