   The patient underwent coronary artery
bypass graft on [**2146-1-5**] with left internal mammary
artery to the diagonal, saphenous vein graft to the right
coronary artery and right posterior descending artery
sequential, and saphenous vein graft to the obtuse marginal.

The patient arrived to the unit with ST elevations.  An
electrocardiogram was done as well as a transesophageal
echocardiogram, and they felt that there was no wall motion
abnormalities.  The patient was on intravenous nitroglycerin
which was turned off due to the patient's hypotension.  The
patient had frequent premature atrial contractions and rare
premature ventricular contractions with a heart rate in the
110s, so the patient received some intravenous Lopressor
times two with good affect to bring the heart rate down to
the 90s, with a systolic blood pressure of 100 to 150s.

A red/warm rash was noted over the back, trunk and thigh, and
the patient complained of feeling claustrophobic.


On postoperative day one, the patient's temperature maximum
was 100.8, temperature current of 99.8, blood pressure 95/53,
heart rate 101, in sinus tachycardia.  The patient was
satting at 99% on 4 liters nasal cannula.  On physical
examination, the patient's lungs were clear to auscultation
bilaterally.  Heart had a regular rate and rhythm.  The
abdomen was soft, nontender, and nondistended.  Extremities
were warm.  Chest tube output total was 405.  White blood
cell count of 10.8, hematocrit of 26.9, platelet count
of 129.  Sodium 136, potassium 4.5, blood urea nitrogen 11,
creatinine 0.8, glucose of 134.  Magnesium of 2, and calcium
of 1.14.  The plan was to transfer the patient to the floor.

There was no progression of the patient's rash.  The skin was
intact without breakdown.

On postoperative day two, the patient's temperature was 99.5,
heart rate 82, in normal sinus rhythm, blood pressure of
103/54, satting at 100% on 4 liters of nasal cannula.  The
patient was awake and alert.  Lungs were clear to
auscultation bilaterally.  Wound incisions were clean, dry,
and intact.  Heart was regular in rate and rhythm.  The
abdomen was benign.  Extremities were benign.  Chest tube
output was 98 on the last shift.  White blood cell count was
up at 13.3, hematocrit was down at 23.3, with platelets
of 139.  Sodium of 137, potassium of 4.6, blood urea nitrogen
of 13, creatinine of 0.8, with a glucose of 131.  Calcium
was 1.15 with a magnesium of 1.5.  The plan was to wean the
Neo-Synephrine, to discontinue the chest tube, continue
Lopressor.  Question of transfusing because the patient has
no transfusion history; will discuss with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 70**].  The
plan was to transfer to the floor if off Neo-Synephrine.

On postoperative day three, the patient's temperature maximum
was 99.6, temperature current 98.3, heart rate 64, blood
pressure 104/60, satting at 97% on 2 liters.  The patient was
in sinus rhythm.  A few premature atrial contractions.  On
physical examination heart had a regular rate and rhythm.
Lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally.  Chest tubes
were in place.  Wires were in place.  Wounds were all right.
Laboratories revealed white blood cell count of 7.3,
hematocrit of 25.8, platelet count of 112.  Sodium of 134,
potassium of 4.5, blood urea nitrogen of 16, creatinine
of 0.9, with a glucose of 95.  The plan was to discontinue
Foley and to replete electrolytes.  The Cardiothoracic
Service also noted the patient with a diffuse rash.  No
respiratory distress.  No wheezing.  Saturations were all
right.  Vital signs were stable.  Chest tubes and wires were
discontinued.  The plan was to administer Benadryl,
attributing the rash to the patient's antibiotics (to the
patient's Vancomycin).


On postoperative day four, temperature maximum of 101.4,
temperature current of 99.4, heart rate 100, blood pressure
102/60, satting at 95% on 2 liters.  The patient was in and
out of atrial fibrillation with sinus rhythm and premature
atrial contractions.  Lopressor was given yesterday.  Chest
x-ray yesterday showed no consolidation, and no pneumonia.
On physical examination the lungs were clear.  Heart had a
regular rhythm.  The wounds had no discharge or erythema.
Laboratories were pending.  The plan was to start amiodarone.

Gram stain showed 3 to 4+ gram-negative rods.  They began
Levaquin.  At 12:30 p.m. the patient was found to be in
atrial fibrillation.  They started amiodarone.  At 8:30 p.m.
on [**1-9**], Cardiothoracic Surgery was called for a
temperature of 101.4.  Blood pressure was 84/50.  The patient
had received Lopressor in the morning, amiodarone, and
Levaquin.  The patient was transferred back to the unit alert
and oriented times three with complaints of sweats.  No
shortness of breath, and no chest pain.  Lungs were clear to
auscultation bilaterally.  Heart was tachycardic.  The
abdomen was soft.  Hematocrit was 31.  White blood cell count
was 12.  Potassium was 4.2.  Calcium was 7.8, magnesium
of 1.8.  Blood pressure increased to 98/40 on its own, heart
rate 110 but irregular.  The plan was to decrease the
Lopressor, and the patient was on Levaquin and to check
culture.

On postoperative day five, the patient's temperature maximum
was 101.7, temperature current was 101, heart rate in the
100s, blood pressure 86/50.  White blood cell count had
increased to 20.7.  Blood cultures were pending.  On physical
examination heart was irregularly irregular.  Lungs were
clear to auscultation bilaterally.  Sternal wounds had no
discharge, no click, and no erythema.  Leg wounds had no
discharge; however, there was some ecchymosis.  The plan was
to follow up with the culture and check x-ray, continue him
on his amiodarone.

Dermatology was asked to evaluate the patient for the
patient's skin eruption.  They recommended discontinuing any
unnecessary medications, use topical Sarna p.r.n.,
antihistamines (preferably Zyrtec 10 mg p.o. q.6h.), and
topical steroids (Lidex ointment b.i.d.).

On postoperative day six, the patient was on Ancef,
amiodarone, and heparin.  The patient's temperature maximum
was 102.2, temperature current was 100.5, heart rate 111, in
sinus tachycardia, blood pressure 100/54, satting at 93% on
nasal cannula.  The patient was awake and alert.  Lungs were
clear to auscultation bilaterally.  Heart had a regular rate
and rhythm; however, tachycardic.  The abdomen was benign.
Extremities were benign.  Skins was still with erythematous
rash persisting.  White blood cell count was up to 25, and
hematocrit was down to 26.4.  Sodium 131, potassium 4.4,
blood urea nitrogen 21, creatinine 1.1, with a glucose
of 117.  Calcium of 1.06.  The plan was to continue
amiodarone, check the coagulations because of the heparin,
continue Ancef.

On postoperative day seven, the patient's temperature maximum
was 100.8, temperature current 96.9, heart rate in sinus
tachycardia at 102, blood pressure 98/44, satting at 93%.
The patient was awake and alert, on heparin and Augmentin.
The lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally.  Dressings
were clean, dry, and intact.  Heart had a regular rate and
rhythm; however, tachycardic.  The abdomen was benign.  The
lower extremities were benign.  The patient's white blood
cell count was up to 27.5, hematocrit was down to 25.9,
platelets of 242.  Sodium 134, potassium 4.1, blood urea
nitrogen 21, creatinine 0.9, with a glucose of 89.  The plan
was to transfer the patient to the floor.

Infectious Disease came by to see the patient on [**1-12**].
The patient with increased leukocytosis without localizing
symptoms.  They recommended following the complete blood
count.  Blood cultures through C-line and peripherally.
Discontinue Augmentin if the patient develops diarrhea.  They
would also send stool for Clostridium difficile toxin assay
and empirically start metronidazole.  If there were any
changes in the chest wound, they would image with CT and
initiate empiric coverage from gram-negative rods and
gram-positive cocci with levofloxacin.

Infectious Disease came by and saw the patient again
[**1-13**].  They noted the patient to have a diffuse
erythematous rash but was thought likely secondary to drugs;
now with persistent increased white blood cell count.  The
plan was as previously stated.  Still concern for Clostridium
difficile.  The plan was also to discontinue Augmentin.  The
patient had no cough and no infiltrate on the chest x-ray,
and it may be worsening Clostridium difficile.

On postoperative day eight, the patient's temperature maximum
was 99.6, temperature current was 99.4, heart rate 100, blood
pressure of 100/43, satting at 95% on room air.  The patient
was transferred out of the unit with a white blood cell count
of 32 yesterday.  The patient was stable on the floor.  The
patient remained red and afebrile.  His sternal wound was
clean with no discharge and no click.  The left leg was
slightly erythematous with no infection.  The plan was to
discontinue Augmentin per Infectious Disease request and
continue the current regimen.

On postoperative day nine, the patient's temperature maximum
was 99.8, temperature current was 99.6, heart rate of 104,
blood pressure of 116/56, satting at 94% on room air.  The
rash was better.  The patient was in regular rhythm at this
time.  Lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally.  Sternal
wound with no discharge and no erythema.  Leg wounds with no
cellulitis.  The plan was to increase Lopressor to 50 mg p.o.
b.i.d.

Infectious Disease came by and saw the patient again on
[**1-14**].  They recommended to continue to monitor the
patient off of antibiotics, check the Clostridium difficile
two more times, monitor the bullous lesions.  They did not
think that antibiotics were needed at that point.

Allergy and Immunology came by and saw the patient on
[**1-14**].  They were asked to consult with the patient
regarding severe dermatitis.  They recommended to continue
Zyrtec 10 mg p.o. q.d., plus Benadryl 25 mg to 50 mg p.o.
q.6h. p.r.n., moisturizer to the face and dry skin, Lidex
ointment b.i.d. to t.i.d. to the itchy areas, avoid
vancomycin, amiodarone and Toradol for now.  Try to eliminate
as many medications as possible.  Avoid penicillins unless
absolutely necessary.  Continue to pursue sources of
infection, as the increased white blood cell count with
increased neutrophils and bands were concerning.

Infectious Disease came by and saw the patient on
[**1-15**].  They assessed that the leukocytosis was still
continuing to resolve without antimicrobial coverage.  The
wound appeared clean.  No diarrhea, just Clostridium
difficile.  No active infectious process was seen.  Follow
white blood cell count off the antibiotics.

On postoperative day 10, the patient was afebrile, with a
heart rate of 89, blood pressure of 102/52, satting at 96%.
The lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally.  Heart was
regular in rate and rhythm.  The abdomen was benign.
Extremities were benign.  The patient was doing well.

Infectious Disease came by and saw the patient on
[**1-16**].  They recommended to follow white blood cell
count if the patient's spikes again.  The patient needed a
fever workup with blood cultures, urinalysis, urine culture,
and chest x-ray, and continued to state that the patient did
not need any antibiotics at this point.

On postoperative day 11, the patient with premature atrial
contractions this morning.  Temperature maximum was 99.1,
heart rate of 90, blood pressure of 109/65, satting at 99%.
Heart was regular in rate and rhythm.  Lungs were clear to
auscultation bilaterally.  The abdomen was benign.  The rash
was improving.

On postoperative day 12, temperature maximum and temperature
current were 100.9.  White blood cell count of 12, hematocrit
of 24.3, platelets of 491.  Sodium of 129, potassium of 4.3,
blood urea nitrogen of 13, creatinine of 1, glucose of 108.
The patient's rhythm was slightly irregular.  His skin was
peeling on physical examination.  The sternal wounds and leg
wounds were all right with no discharge.

Infectious Disease came by and saw the patient on
[**1-17**].  They were informed that the patient continued
to have temperatures all day yesterday.  The lowest
temperature was 100.3; however, examination was nonfocal.
They agreed that the central line may be the source.  They
recommended checking blood cultures times two to rule out
bacteremia and await catheter tip results.  They recommended
that if there is a line infection, if the line is already
out, but depending on the organisms may need a short course
of antibiotics.

Allergy and Immunology also came by and saw the patient on
[**1-17**], and they recommended discontinuing the
antihistamine and topical steroids and use moisturizing
lotion p.r.n.  The patient may follow up as an outpatient for
further advice regarding medical allergies and possible
testing to penicillin.

Infectious Disease came and saw the patient on [**1-18**].
The patient had a spike to 101.2 the night prior with no
blood cultures drawn.  Still nothing focal on the
examination.  Likely related to his central line.  Awaiting
the cultures on the central line tip, and the plan was to
follow the cultures.  If the patient re-spiked, they
recommended further fever workup.

On postoperative day 13, the patient's temperature maximum
was 101.2, temperature current 99.8, heart rate 91, blood
pressure of 117/68, satting at 100% on room air.  Heart was
regular.  Lungs were more clear at the bilateral bases.  The
incisions were clean with no discharge.  The patient's skin
was still peeling from the rash.  The plan was to follow up
with the cultures and to check urinalysis.

Infectious Disease came by and saw the patient on
[**1-19**].  They stated that since the patient remained
afebrile overnight, with a white blood cell count at 5.9, and
blood cultures were negative, catheter tip was negative, the
patient was not declaring an active infection at that time,
they would sign off for now.

On physical examination the patient was alert and oriented
times three, moved all of his extremities, conversational.
Respiratory wise he was clear to auscultation bilaterally.
Heart was regular in rate and rhythm with first heart sound
and second heart sound.  No murmurs.  His sternum was stable.
The incision with Steri-Strips and was clean and dry.  The
abdomen was soft, nontender, and nondistended, with normal
active bowel sounds.  Extremities were warm and well
perfused.  No clubbing, cyanosis or edema.  The patient was
still with a generalized rash which was resolving; however,
he was still with skin peeling, especially in the arms and
groin.  The patient's preoperative weight was 66.4 kg;
discharge weight was 68 kg.  Laboratories revealed white
blood cell count of 5.9, hematocrit of 26.4, with a platelet
count of 488.  Sodium of 133, potassium of 4.5, blood urea
nitrogen of 17, creatinine of 1, with a glucose of 101.