
[**Age over 90 **] year old male with a history of systolic congestive heart
failure, atrial fibrillation, who presented with hypoxia,
hypotension, and hypothermia.

Upon admission to the MICU, agressive therapy was initiated
keeping a broad differential diagnosis. Patient however
continued to deteriorate and abruptly became profoundly
bradycardic, unresponsive to atropine or increasing doses of
pressors, culminating in asystole; patient was pronounced dead
at 1:05am on [**2105-7-28**]. Below are the details leading to these
events, arranged by problem:

1)Hypotension / Hypothermia: On initial presentation on the
floor SBP 80s, given 500cc fluid bolus x 2 with SBP to 90s.
Meets SIRS criteria with hypothermia and tachpnea and
hypotension concerning for sepsis, with pneumonia as the most
likely source.  Also on differential was hypovolemic hypotension
for occult blood loss, cardiogenic shock, adrenal insuffiency
and myxedema coma. Cooling blanket placed on patient upon
arrival.

Patient was given fluid boluses and central access was obtained.
Echocardiogram was obtained and revealed mildly depressed
ejection fraction (40%) with inferolateral wall hypokinesis and
moderate tricuspid regurgitation. Central venous pressure was
measured and found to be elvated to 24mmHg, which even in the
setting of TR was felt to rule out hypovolemia. Patient was
initiated on Dopamine in hopes of supporting both blood pressure
and heart rate. Arterial line was placed for accurate assessment
of arterial pressure. Hematocrit remained stable and pressure
responded to pressor support.

Patient started on stress dose steroids for possible adrenal
insufficiency.

2)Hypoxia: With bilateral infiltrates and likely superimposed
fluid overlaod.  Given recent hospitalization and extent of O2
requirement, high suspicion for Hospital Acquired Pneumonia
(HAP) with vancomycin and zosyn. This was later changed to
Vancomycin and Cefepime. Patients blood gas was concerning for
hypercarbia, and after re-discussing goals of care with family
and confirming patient did not want to be intubated, non
invasive ventillation was initiated. Patient tolerated NIPPV
well and hypoxia / hypercarbia / respiratory acidosis improved
until his sudden decompensation.

3)Bradycardia: With baseline bradycardia per history, unclear
etiology.  On arrival to MICU, bradycardic to HR in 30s, gave 1
mg atropine with HR to 50s.  All nodal agents were stopped and
heart rate improved with Dopamine administration.

4)Meningitis: Given patients poor baseline mental status and
findings of significant nuchal rigidity, concern for meningitis
was raised. Given patients decompensated status, lumbar puncture
was not pursued and empiric coverage with Ampicillin for
listeria, Vancomycin/Cefepime for Staph/Strep were initiated.

5)Hypothyroidism: TSH of 20, difficult to interpret in this
setting as sick euthyroid may have impacted laboratory results.
Given decompensated state, endocrine consult was placed and
thyroid hormone was supplemented intravenously at higher doses
than per outpatient regimen. Free T3, T4 and Thyroid binding
protein were ordered but were not available before patient
decompensated. Per endocrine team recommendations, T3 was not
given due to concerns for arrythmia and cardiac side effects,
and given very poor level of evidence for its efficacy.

6)Coagulopathy: INR 7.2 on admission in setting of
anticoagulation.  Given vitamin K and FFP. DIC labs negative.

7)Chronic kidney disease: With known baseline CKD stage III,
likely exacerbated in the setting of hypotension.