   The patient is a 53-year-old female with a
history of bipolar disorder, diabetes mellitus, who presented
with a one day history of vomiting and shortness of breath as
well as a history of ingestion of 1800 mg of lithium the
evening before presentation.  The patient was admitted to the
Medical Intensive Care Unit to monitor her waxing and [**Doctor Last Name 688**]
mental status as well as her ability to maintain her airway.

1.  Pulmonary:  The patient presented with acute on chronic
respiratory acidosis.  It was suspected that the acute
component was likely related to CNS depression with lithium
overdose.  The chronic component appeared to be secondary to
her obesity and obstructive sleep apnea.  The patient was
admitted to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for supplemental
oxygen, monitoring of her respiratory status, and possible
need for intubation.  The patient was also suspected to be in
congestive heart failure, and was diuresed as well.  The
patient did require a brief intubation secondary to a neck
hematoma that developed after central line attempt.  This was
done prophylactically for airway protection.  The patient was
quickly extubated as the hematoma resolved.  The patient was
also subsequently found to have a pneumonia and was
successfully treated with a ten day course of levofloxacin
and vancomycin.  The patient showed improvement in her oxygen
saturation over the course of the admission, and was
transferred from the Intensive Care Unit to the regular
Medicine floor on [**2125-10-24**].  She routinely had an
oxygen saturation of 93 to 95% on room air.

2.  Cardiovascular:  The patient was ruled out for myocardial
infarction by serial CKs.

3.  Neurologic:  Patient with changes in mental status,
likely secondary to lithium overdose.  Her lithium level was
elevated to 2.6.  She was obtunded, tremulous, with mild
ataxia.  She had barbiturates present in her urine.
Toxicology was consulted and recommended holding all of the
patient's psychotropic medications as well as recommending
dialysis for removal of lithium.  The patient was started on
hemodialysis secondary to increased lethargy, worsening
acid/base status, and the presence of toxic levels of
lithium.  She tolerated this well.  The patient's lithium
level steadily trended downwards to the point of being
undetectable.  The patient's mental status gradually returned
to her baseline.  Psychiatry had been consulted and
recommended that there was no acute indication for
pharmacotherapy of her bipolar disorder.  They recommended
Haldol and Ativan for agitation.  The patient had infrequent
episodes of agitation in the evening, requiring Haldol.

4.  Renal:  The patient presented with oliguric acute renal
failure after lithium overdose.  This was thought to be
secondary to acute tubular necrosis related to hypovolemia as
well as lithium toxicity.  The patient required hemodialysis
both to remove toxic levels of lithium as well as for
worsening acid/base status.  A first attempt at a
hemodialysis line placement resulted in a right neck
hematoma.  A second line placement attempt led to a femoral
artery puncture which required Vascular Surgery repair.  The
patient became hemodynamically unstable, requiring a short
interval on pressors secondary to this complication.  The
patient returned quickly to hemodynamic stability.  The
patient's creatinine was elevated on presentation and
required ongoing hemodialysis.  However, the patient
gradually showed improvement in her creatinine, which came
down to 1.3.  The patient also began to have excellent urine
output, up to 1500 cc/day.  At that point, the Renal service
did not feel that the patient needed ongoing hemodialysis,
nor was it felt that she needed to continue to receive
erythropoietin.

5.  Gastrointestinal:  The patient had a nasogastric tube
placed upon admission to the Medical Intensive Care Unit.
She received tube feeds for the initial Intensive Care Unit
stay.  However, the patient began to have evidence of
increasing abdominal tenderness with an elevated lipase,
suggesting pancreatitis.  The patient had an abdominal CT
which was negative for pancreatic pseudocyst or for
pancreatic inflammation.  However, the patient continued to
have an increasing lipase and was therefore placed on bowel
rest with nasogastric tube placement.  The patient's white
blood cell count was likewise elevated.  However, the
patient's lipase gradually decreased while on bowel rest, as
did her white blood cell count.  Her abdominal tenderness
resolved, and she was gradually started on sips of clear
fluids.  She tolerated this well.  The patient had a swallow
study in the Intensive Care Unit, which revealed some
evidence of aspiration.  She did not have any evidence of
aspiration as her diet was advanced.  She was eventually able
to tolerate a full [**Doctor First Name **] diet.

6.  Endocrine:  Patient with history of diabetes, on oral
hypoglycemics at home.  The patient was started on NPH and
regular insulin sliding scale in the Intensive Care Unit.
This was continued as the patient was transferred to the
floor.  The patient had finger stick blood sugars checked
four times a day.  She showed excellent glycemic control
while in-hospital.

7.  Hematology:  Patient with evidence of anemia upon
presentation.  She had further blood loss secondary to a
complicated central line placement.  Her hematocrit
eventually stabilized.  Because of the possibility of chronic
renal insufficiency, the patient was given erythropoietin.
Her hematocrit was monitored closely while in the hospital.
She did have evidence of resolving normocytic anemia, which
was likely not multifactorial.  The patient may require an
outpatient colonoscopy at some point to evaluate possible
gastrointestinal losses.

8.  Infectious Disease:  The patient presented with evidence
of urinary tract infection and was initially treated with
ciprofloxacin.  The patient later was found to have a
pneumonia, which was successfully treated with a ten day
course of levofloxacin and vancomycin.  The patient was
afebrile, with a gradually normalizing white blood cell count
upon transfer to the general medical floor.  The patient's
elevated white blood cell count was attributed to
pancreatitis, and as her lipase resolved, her white blood
cell count also decreased.  She was carefully monitored for
any signs of infection.  She did have evidence of funguria on
a repeat urine culture.  The patient had a Foley, which was
changed.  Urine culture was rechecked after the Foley change.
This urine culture was pending at the time of this discharge
summary.