
Transferred in from outside hospital and underwent preoperative
work up.  On [**2153-2-13**] he was brought to the operating room and
underwent coronary artery bypass graft surgery.  See operative
report for further details.  He received vancomycin for
perioperative antibiotics.  Post operatively he was transferred
to the intensive care unit for post operative management. He
awoke neurologically intact, was weaned form the ventilator and
extubated. He was started on betablockers, statin therapy and
diuresed toward his pre-operative weight with intermittant
boluses of IV lasix. His chest tubes and temporary pacing wires
were removed per protocol. The patient developed
thrombocytopenia with a platelet count down to 107,000, from
309,000.  HIT was sent and would return negative.  He did
develop acute renal failure with a creatinine rise to 2.7 (from
1.1) and oliguria.  Diuresis was held and creatinine would begin
to trend back down.  Oliguria resolved and the patient had
adequate urine output prior to discharge.  Cardiac rhythm became
atrial fibrillation and the patient was treated with amiodarone
and anti-coagulation was initiated with coumadin.  The patient
subsequently developed ventricular bigeminy and was returned to
the CVICU.  Lidocaine drip was started.  This would resolve and
the patient returned to the step-down unit.  He developed
erythema and tenderness around the left SVG harvest site and was
started on po keflex x7days. He was evaluated and treated by
physical therapy and cleared for discharge to home on POD#11 by
Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] and Dr. [**First Name (STitle) **].