
Ms. [**Known lastname 2784**] presented to ED on [**8-10**] with nausea, vomiting,
diaphoresis and distended abdomen.  She received an exploratory
laporatomy with lysis of adhesions for a small bowel obstruction
that was found to be the cause of her symptoms.  See Dr. [**Name (NI) 45689**] operative note for details.

Patient was intubated in the ED d/t inability to protect airway
and aspiration.  Bronchoscopy was performed after surgery and
she was found to have very little aspiration contents in her
lower airways. She was admitted to the ICU after surgery d/t
intubation and need for neosynephrine for BP control.  While in
the ICU she was successfull weaned off neosynephrine, and
required lopressor for tachycardia.  She had a drop in her Hct
to 24 and required one unit of blood.  She spiked a fever so was
given a treatment of cipro, vancomycin, and flagyl.  She was
successfuly extubated on POD 5 and experienced resp distress
that responded with Lasix.

She was transferred out of the unit on POD 6.  She had episodes
of non-responsiveness on the floor for which she received
several cardiac work-ups, psychiatry saw her and recommended
discontinuing her narcotic pain medicine and her
benzodiazepines.  She also had a work-up with Neurology which
included a 24 hour EEG, MRI and MRA of her head, and several lab
tests.  All of these were negative.

At the time of discharge, she was stable and no longer
experiencing these episodes of non-responsiveness. Neurology and
her primary team felt that she was able to return to home.
Physical therapy saw the patient and recommended home PT.