
37 year old female with acute onset thyrombocytopenia and sepsis
likely secondary to renal infarction and pyelonephritis.

1) SIRS/Sepsis: Patient initially presented with left flank
pain, tachycardia, low WBC, and low platelets. Based on OSH
non-contrast CT scan it appeared this was consistent with
pyelonephritis. She was started on cefepime, flagyl and
vancomycin [**9-19**]. With concern for worsening abdominal pain a
repeat contrast abdominal and pelvic CT was performed. It showed
severe acute left pyelonephritis with marked renal edema and
evolving foci of hypoperfusion, parenchymal necrosis,
inflammatory phlegmon or early abscess formation.  Urology was
consulted given concern for a need for acute surgical
management.  They suggested a concern for renal vein/artery
thrombosis due to the appearance of multifocal necrosis in the
kidney.  MRI revealed no acute thrombosis but was suggestive of
an acute infarction involving much of the upper pole and
interpolar region of the left kidney without being able to rule
out coexistent pyelonephritis.  The patient's white count
eventually trended up from a nadir of 2.5 to the 9's and she was
transitioned from cefepime, vancomycin, and metronidazole to
oral ciprofloxacin.  All cultures remained negative but she did
complete a fourteen day course of antibiotics for a suspected
pyelonephritis.  Vasculitis was also considered as an etiology
for her SIRS but no clear evidence for a particular syndrome was
found.  Her blood pressures stabilized and she was completely
hemodynamically stable for > 1 wk prior to discharge.  She did
remain febrile despite negative cultures, which was thought most
likely due to inflammation secondary to her necrotic kidney.
Prior to discharge her fever curve had been trending down and
she did not become more febrile after antibiotics were stopped.
Cultures similarly remained negative.  Repeat MRI of kidney was
obtained to look for an abscess or closed space infection and
was negative.

2) Left renal infarcts: Given patient's family history of factor
V leiden mutation there was some concern that she could have a
thrombophilia predisposing her to clot. Agitated saline TTE
revealed a PFO, which raised concern for paradoxical
embolization but work up for VTE was unremarkable.  Severe
pyelonephritis could also cause renal infarction but as reported
above cultures never impressively reenforced a pyelonephritis.
Similarly septic emboli were thought extremely unlikely given
persistently negative blood cultures.  Investigation for factor
V leiden mutation was negative and no clear reason for
hypercoagulability was found.  The patient was nevertheless
anticoagulated as the benefits of anticoagulation were felt to
outweigh the risks.  Therefore, she was started on coumadin and
discharged on this as well as enoxaparin for bridge as she was
not yet therapeutic.  Renal function remained essentially stable
after the patient was hydrated on her day of presentation.  The
patient will follow up in hematology for further
hypercoagulability work-up.

3) Thrombocytopenia:  The patient was transferred partially due
to concern for DIC or TTP due to her thrombocytopenia.
Hematology/Oncology was consulted and thought  low platelets
were not consistent with DIC or TTP and she did not have
diagnostic numbers of schistocytes or a low fibrinogen.  Most
likely etiology of her thrombocytopenia was thought to be marrow
suppression secondary to SIRS/sepsis.  Ultimately her platelet
count recovered and was normal at the time of discharge.  She
did receive one unit of platelets during an IJ placement.

4)Pulmonary edema/Pleural effusions: Initial CXR showed
pulmonary edema with a small pleural effusion. A BNP was 6587.
An echocardiogram was performed with concern for cardiovascular
compromise and it showed a normal ejection fraction, normal wall
motion, and 1+MR. It was felt the patient's pulmonary edema and
effusions were secondary to fluid resuscitation.  She had one
episode of desaturation to 88% when she laid flat in her CT
scan. She intermittently required 2 Liters NC for comfort. Her
difficulty breathing was felt to be due to her abdominal pain
causing pain upon deep inspiration and fluid overload. Her pain
was controlled and patient was auto-diuresing >150cc/hr upon
transfer to the floor. She continued to auto-diurese on the
floor and eventually came off of oxygen entirely.  Better pain
control significantly improved her respiratory function and
prior to discharge her pulmonary exam was normal and she was
ambulating without desaturations.  CT showed a persistent,
loculated pleural effusion, and given persistent fevers, a
thoracentesis was attempted but as the effusion was steadily
decreasing in size interventional pulmonology and interventional
radiology thought it was too small to drain safely.  As it
continued to decrease in size and the patient WBC count and
fevers were down trending this was not pursued further.

5) Abdominal pain: This was initially controlled with morphine
and morphine SR.  She appeared to be very drowsy and her RR
decreased on this regimen, so the ms contin was discontinued.
She continued to have significant pain, so a morphine PCA,
maximum dose of 4 mg/hr, that was started and the patient's pain
improved significantly. It was assessed that her pain was
consistent with post-embolization syndrome, which includes
fever, abdominal pain secondary to the clearance process of
necrotic tissue.  Eventually she was reestablished on a regimen
of morphine SR, morphine IR, and gabapentin with good
improvement in her pain.  She will likely need these for the
next few months as her body clears necrotic tissue from her
kidney.

6) Persistent sinus tachycardia: The patient informs us that she
has exhibited fast heart rates for years.  The patient did not
appear volume down as her CVP remained high. It was felt that
the tachycardia was due to pain, fever and the overall stress
response of sepsis. The tachycardia improved to the low 100s
after the administration of the PCA and remained there through
the day of discharge.

7) GERD: PPI held in setting of decreased plts. Ranitidine [**Hospital1 **]
started and then discontinued when platelet count recovered as
it was thought this was no longer indicated.

The patient had a PICC for IV access that was discontinued prior
to discharge.  She was tolerating a full diet prior to
discharge.  She was full code.