
#) VF arrest/rhythm: Most likely a primary arrthymic event
(based on story of falling, pulseless with CPR for 10min, and
Vfib when EMS arrived) and secondary to ischemic scar from old
infacts.  Does not appear to be ACS (low level CE, stenosis on
cath appeared old).  ECGs during hospitalization showed sinus
rhythm/sinus tach with LBBB (no old ECGs for comparison).  He
was loaded with amiodarone and maintained on metoprolol for rate
control.  He was monitored on telemetry and had no further Vfib
events; rhythm strips obtained from EMS and the outside hospital
did not capture any v-fib events. He had an ICD implanted on
[**2119-2-17**] and tolerated the procedure well.  He will follow up in
device clinic on [**2119-3-1**].
.
#) CAD/Ischaemia: He was taken for cardiac catheterization and
was found to have RCA and LCx occlusion which was thought to be
likely chronic. CE's were trended and peaked at low level
(likely related to post-code and not consistent with ACS).  He
was continued on aspirin, and was titrated up on metoprolol.  A
statin was not started right away given his elevated LFTs, but
once these normalized, he was started on a reduced-dose statin
(20mg atorvastatin)
.
#) Pump: Cath report showed an EF 15%; Multifactorial; ?acute
post code shock, ischemic cardiomyopathy, ?alcoholic
cardiomyopathy. Hopefully he will recover some function.  A
repeat echo showed an EF of 20-25% with no major valvular
abnormalities.  He will need another echo in approximately one
month to assess for recovery of his systolic function.
.
# fevers: He spiked fevers up to 102. He was initially started
on levo/metronidazole and vanco before a known source was found
to cover for likely aspiration pneumonia and line infections.
He was then found to have strep pneumo in his sputum and
continued to spike fevers until he was stabilized on an
antibiotic regimen of ceftriaxone/azithromycin.  There was also
concern that these fevers might be related to alcohol withdrawl
and/or drug fever (from phenytoin, which was stopped on [**2-13**]).
He completed a five day course of azithromycin and his
ceftriaxone will be converted to cefpodoxime to complete a
10-day course.
.
#) Altered mental status/EtOH withdrawl: This has a
multifactorial origin: VF arrest, EtOH, sedation now. Per his
sister (whom he lives with) that he drank about [**1-20**] vodka per
night for 4 months and then stopped abruptly ~4 days prior to
admission.  Neurology was consulted especially given question of
seizure activity at the OSH.  An EEG was negative for seizures
and an LP showed normal cell count, protein, and glucose with no
evidence of infection.  A psychiatry consultation was obtained
and they believed that his prolonged delirium may have been
benzodiazepine intoxication.  He was maintained on standing
Haldol and only short-acting benzo's (lorazepam) were used for
his CIWA scale and his mental status gradually improved.  He
worked with PT/OT to regain strength, balance, and functioning
prior to discharge.
.
#) Transaminitis: Patient has mildly elevated alt > ast. GGT
mildly elevated as well. Most likely secondary to mild shock
liver in setting of code. Underlying liver disease from h/o
recent heavy EtOH use, high triglycerides (150) could put him at
risk for more damage.  His acetaminophen use was limited to
2g/day and he was eventually started on a reduced dose of
atorvastatin for his hyperlipidemia.
.
#) Elevated Cr: Initially had some ARF which was most-likely
ATN/hypoperfusion from cardiac arrest. He was hydrated and
received mucomyst for cath.  His Cr trended down and recovered.
.
#) FEN/GI: He was given protonix for GI ppx given alcohol use.
He was also ordered for a speech and swallow eval after
extubation given his still "cloudy" mental status to assess risk
for aspiration.  He eventually passed a speech and swallow
study, though was recommeded to have close supervision with
meals given his distractability.  Heart healthy low sodium diet.