
1. ALTERED MENTAL STATUS: Most likely multifactorial but
primarily from leptomeningeal involvement and hemorrhagic brain
metastases with contributions from over-sedation from home
benzodiazepines, PNA and UTI. On admission to the ICU patient
was quite sedated and only minimally responsive. Across his stay
he became more responsive and was able to follow commands, move
all extremities, and at times speak quite coherently, although
his mental status continued to wax and wane. During his
hospitalization he also developed a left sided facial droop
thought likely due to evolving brain metastases and
leptomeningeal involvement.

2. GOALS OF CARE/CODE STATUS: The patient code status was made
DNR/DNI during this admission and this was confirmed with the
patient's wife. A family meeting was held to discuss goals of
care, and it was decided to move towards hospice care after
discharge. The patient's wife, however, appeared to hold out
ongoing hope for the patient's recovery, and the patient himself
expressed the desire to attempt one more round of Taxol.
Discharged with home VNA and bridge to hospice.

3. METASTATIC MELANOMA WITH HEMORRHAGIC BRAIN METS: Known mets
to scalp, neck, groin, brain s/[**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 16859**], [**First Name3 (LF) **] mass resection and
ventriculostomy for obstructive hydrocephalus. On Taxol at
admission, first dose 5/26.  In previous discussions, patient
has been clear that he did not desire further surgical
intervention for control of his brain mets. He repeatedly stated
his desire for one more attempt at treatment with Taxol, which
was decided against given the patient's disease progression
despite taxol therapy. Dexamethasone was continued for cerebral
edema and all anticoagulation was held.

4. FEVERS/PNA/UTI: Fever and CXR on admission with consolidation
at right base concerning for aspiration pneumonia, as well as
WBCs in U/A. No elevation of WBC. Started on Vanc/Zosyn later
changed to Vanc/Cefapime after blood cultures remained negative.
Urine Cx grew out enterococcus which was sensitive to
ampicillin, nitrofurantoin and vancomycin.

5. NAUSEA/VOMITING: Likely related to leptomeningeal involvement
and metastatic impingement on fourth ventricle versus recent
chemo. No evidence of increased intracranial pressure on head CT
but during stay patient did develop left sided facial droop.
Could be related to vertigo in setting of additional brain edema
as in recent admission. He also has had dizziness and
lighthededness with standing and sitting up, and on previous
admission patient had orthostatic hypotension. Patient was
treated with Ondansetron and Decadron.

6. h/o DVT: Dx in [**2-11**]. Lovenox stopped on admission given
hemorrhagic brain mets.