
Mr. [**Known lastname 2809**] is a 58 year old gentleman s/p liver transplant
related to chronic HCV infection, myopathy (? steroid induced),
history of prior multiple asymptomatic embolic infarcts prior to
transplantation, who presents with three day prodrome of general
malaise, poor appetite, nausea/vomiting, followed by acute
change in mental status with witnessed partial complex seizure
in the [**Hospital1 18**] ED.

1) Neuro:
* SEIZURE - Initially a code stroke was called in the ED, but CT
imaging and later, MRI, showed no evidence of acute infarction.
Initial labs notable for presence of only serum benzodiazepines
on tox screening and acute on chronic renal failure. Etiology of
seizure was thought to be areas of prior cortical infarcts in
setting of gastrointestinal illness. The patient was intubated
in the emergency department and promptly extubated at 2am in the
Neuro ICU the same evening. The morning following admission the
patient's examination was notable for marked encephalopathy. He
was changed from phenytoin to oxcarbazepine (Trileptal) given
multiple long term side effects of phenytoin, and with normal
hepatic function, but renal impairment and keppra did not seem a
wise choice. Lumbar puncture was attempted with light sedation
without success. It was re-attempted with fentanyl and midazolam
for monitored conscious sedation and revealed 1 WBC, 0 RBC,
normal protein and glucose. He was transferred to the floor
after an EEG done on the [**7-18**] revealed no
abnormalities and showed a normal background.
* ENCEPHALOPATHY - On the floor, the patient's exam was notable
for continued encephalopathy, but he was evidently not
delerious. His main abnormalities were frontal dysfunction (as
exhibited by impulsiveness, stimulus-bound behaviors,
desinhibition, bilateral grasp and palmomental reflexes, a
marked inability to switch mindset) and memory (as exhibited by
anososgnosia, orientation to place and time, as well as not
imprinting new information, and working memory (the patient
stayed in-task, and had sufficent attention to perform, but
couldn't complete the tasks). Clinically he continued to improve
slowly but surely, an EEG done on [**10-21**] showed 7 Hz background,
but otherwise normal. Per his wife, his level of cognitive
functioning at home was high, as for example he was able to
discuss politics.

2) Cardio:
* NSTEMI - Patient was noted to have elevated troponin enzymes
to 0.31 with EKG without ischemic changes. He was started on
aspirin, beta blocker, atorvastatin. Cardiology consultation was
obtained and additionally recommended echocardiogram which
revealed moderate symmetric left ventricular hypertrophy, no
focal wall motion abnormalities (poor data quality though),
LVEF>55%, mild aortic valve stenosis. His NSTEMI was thought
related to demand related ischemia in the setting of
catecholamine surge associated with seizure. He should be
scheduled for an exercise stress test as an outpatient.

3) FEN
* Acute Renal Failure - Patient's has prior hepato-renal
syndrome now with baseline creatinine of 1.9-2. Admission
creatinine notable for 2.4. He was noted to have low urine
output. He received vigorous IV hydration with improved Cr to
1.6, however this was likely a sampling error because all the
lines of his cellcount were down on this blooddraw as well,
repeat labs showed a creat of 2.0 and his [**Hospital1 **] back to the old
values. His medications were renally dosed. He was started on
Thiamine, Folate and MVI.

4) Liver transplantation
Transaminase levels on admission were WNL. Hepatology
consultation was obtained and recommended continuing with his
prior regimen of immunosuppressive agents. No changes were made.


5) ID
A broad spectrum of CSF studies were sent despite the normal
cell count. Varicella PCR and CMV PCR negative, remainder
pending. MRSA isolation negative. VRE swab negative.
Cryptococcal antigen GRAM STAIN, FLUID CULTURE, FUNGAL
CULTURE-PRELIMINARY,ACID FAST CULTURE, VIRAL CULTURE were all
(preliminary) negative.

6) PPx, reactivation and reconditioning
For prophylaxis, he was put on Heparin, pneumoboots, TEDs, and
PT and OT were consulted to evaluate and treat him.