
59 year old male with a past medical history of systolic
congestive heart failure (last EF 55-60%), atrial fibrillation
on coumadin, transaminitis secondary to cirrhosis, chronic lower
extremity stasis dermatitis (recent admission for cellulitis on
[**2173-6-14**]), history of pulmonary embolus and atrial thrombus who
presented from clinic with with a significant hyponatremia,
elevated lactate, and acute kidney injury.

#. HYPONATREMIA: Etiology was likely hypovolemic hyponatremia in
the setting of over-aggressive diuretic use and decreased
dietary intake of sodium.  Patient had started dieting, eating
less salt and drinking more water.  He presented with
hypotension and tachycardia.  Patient also presented with acute
kidney injury, elevated lactate, fractional excretion of sodium
less than 1, low urine sodium, and elevated creatinine and BUN
all suggesting hypovolemic hyponatremia as the etiology. While
in the MICU his sodium was corrected with normal saline and his
urine and serum sodium trended. Once his sodium was trending
upward he was transferred to the medicine floor.  His torsemide
was held and then restarted on [**8-7**] on an every other day dosing
schedule, and he should follow up with his PCP for repeat lab
testing.

# HYPOTENSION / TACHYCARDIA - Though initially concerned for
SIRS/sepsis because of leukocytosis on admission, and possible
source of infection being cellulitis from chronic venous stasis
ulcers.  CXR, UA, blood cultures were all negative for signs of
infection.  He did not have fever of systemic signs of
infection.  Initially he met systemic inflammatory response
syndrome criteria with a possible source. He was started on
vancomycin and unasyn empirically. On re-evaluation he remained
afebrile with no constitutional symptoms concerning for sepsis.
His vancomycin and unysin was discontinued and keflex was kept
on per his vascular physicians prescription. Hypotension was
likely a result of extracellular volume depletion in the setting
of overdiuresis and salt restriction as above, with a reactive
tachycardia.  Metoprolol, digoxin, and diltiazem were held for
hypotension but restarted as his pressures tolerated them.  He
was monitored on telemetry and was not shown to have any atrial
fibrillation with RVR.  However, he had asymptomatic sinus
tachycardia to the 130-160s during physical therapy.  This was
likely because his home medications were held, and his
tachycardia improved upon restarting digoxin, metoprolol, and
diltiazem at his home doses.  Torsemide was restarted on an
every other day dosing schedule.

#. ATRIAL FIBRILLATION: Chronic issue. On coumadin, metoprolol,
diltizem, and digoxin at home. In the MICU, he became mildly
hypotensive (sbp in 90s, not requiring pressors) so his
metoprolol and diltiazem were reduced in dose.  Upon trasnfer to
floor, blood pressure was stable after resuming home meidcations
and metoprolol was uptitrates in setting of tachycardia,
particularly with exertion with PT. He should follow up with his
PCP regarding titration of his rate control. His INR was
subtherapeutic, so his warfarin was increased to 6mg. Digoxin
was continued and level was not toxic.

#. Acute kidney injury: Likely prerenal and related to
hypoperfusion in the setting of hypotension. creatinine improved
with holding torsemide and administration of IVF. His creatine
and BUN were trended and his creatine trended downward with IV
fluids.

#. STASIS DERMATITIS WITH POSSIBLE SUPER IMPOSED CELLULITIS:
While in the MICU he did not spike a fever or appear overtly
septic by exam or review of systems. His leukocytosis
normalized. The decision was made to leave him on his outpatient
dose of keflex however pending follow-up with his vascular
physician.

#. CIRRHOSIS: This is a diagnosis that is currently undergoing
outpatient workup. He did not appear hypervolemic and this was
not likely related to the etiology of his hyponatremia. He
denies alcohol abuse and is reportedly planning on undergoing a
liver biopsy to further characterize his liver disease. His
liver function was monitored while in the MICU and remained
stable, and no further management of his possible cirrhosis was
performed.
