
# Hypoxic Respiratory Failure - Secondary to mycoplasma PNA for
which she completed 14 day course of levofloxacin, evolved to
ARDS from sepsis. Subsequently complicated by likely ventilator
associated pneumonia, culture and bronchial lavage negative,
empirically treated with a course of Vancomycin and Cefepime.
Also, complicated by severe polyneuropathy from likely critical
care neuropathy. NIF was measured and was in the 30s range. Pt
was weaned to PS 5/0 on the 13th day of hospitalization and
extubation was attempted. However the patient became
increasingly tachypneic and agitated about 12 hours after
extubation and was reintubated. Failure was thought to be due to
respiratory muscle fatigue, poor underlying lung function in the
context of pneumonia, possible component of volume overload. A
tracheostomy was placed the next day as well as a PEG tube. She
was successful with trach mask trials several days after trach
placement on high flow O2.  She was successful for > 12hours
daily, but on several occasions became tachypneic in the
evening, thought to be influenced largely by anxiety rather than
fatigue, requiring placement back on PS overnight.  She was,
however, trialed for 24 hours on trach mask and was fatigued the
following day requiring full 24 hours back on PS.  This was
likely [**3-6**] to true respiratory muscle fatigue.
.
# PNA: From mycoplasma, treated with 14 day course of
levofloxacin. Subsequently complicated by likely ventilator
associated pneumonia, culture and bronchial lavage negative,
empirically treated with a course of Vancomycin and Cefepime.
.
# Septic shock: Lactate on admission 2.3, hypotension, elevated
WBC with 2 bands, tachypnea and tachycardia. Initially with
pressor requirement. Initial broad spectrum Abx were
discontinued once source of sepsis was found to be due to
mycoplasma and a course of 14 days of Levofloxacin was
completed. The patient also was treated with stress dose
steroids initially, which were subsequently weaned to baseline
Prednisone dose for chronic RA of 20mg.
.
# Clostridium difficile infection: diagnosed on [**1-22**]. Pt. will
complete a 7 day (post other antibiotics) course of flagyl
(flagyl course to be completed on [**2122-2-6**] after receiving her tid
dosing that day). Diarrhea is much improved.
.
# Pancreatitis:  Thought [**3-6**] to propofol originally with
elevated amylase and lipase.  Once her propofol was d/c'd, her
amylase normalized.  Her lipase decreased, but remained elevated
in the 150s.  Other LFTs were normal.  Her tube feeds were held
transiently when her lipase failed to completely resolve and she
had mild epigastric discomfort.  Given that her epigastric
discomfort was post G tube placement, it resolved and tube feeds
were reinitiated.  She did have high residuals so was not
originally at goal.  Reglan was started and tube feeds were
advanced.  She is now tolerating tube feeds at goal without
reglan.
.
# Critical illness neuropathy: severe distal weakness, slight
improvement towards the end of her hospital stay. EMG and nerve
conduction studies showed mild, proximal myopathy with a
superimposed geneneralized polyneuropathy, predominantly axonal.
The picture is consistent with critical illness polyneuropathy
and myopathy.  Her strength has been consistently increasing,
but deficit remains.  She will need continued physical therapy
for this.
.
# Rash, eosinophilia:  During her course of cefepime and
vancomycin she developed a rash and eosinophilia.  Once her 7
day course of cefepime and vanco was complete, her rash resolved
although she remained mildly subjectively itchy requiring
fexofenadine.  Her eosinophils remained elevated, but this also
started to resolve.  There was no other clear drug source and
suspiscion for infective cause was very low.
.
# Low grade fever: Intermittent low grade fever to Tmax of
100.2.  She has BAL, Urine and blood cultures pending from
[**2122-2-5**], but suspiscion for infection is low given normal WBC
count and no left shift on diff.  These cultures should be
followed up.
.
# Rheumatoid arthritis:  Patient was transiently on stress dose
steroids in the setting of sepsis.  Steroids were reduced to her
home dose of 20mg PO prednisone with the resolution of sepsis.
The need for PCP prophylaxis was discussed given chronically on
20mg prednisone daily.  The need for this dose in the setting of
her RA and PCP prophylaxis was discussed with her rheumatologist
and her dose of prednisone was decreased to 15mg po prednisone
as she is not currently complaining of joint symptoms.  She was
not started on bactrim while inpatient and if her chronic
prednisone dose requirement increases, this should be
readdressed.  Additionally, given her age, sex and chronic
prednisone, she was started on vitamin D and calcium.
.
# Anemia with hct drop: HCT has been stable 24-26 from original
drop from 29-31.  Anemia w/u included abd CT not revealing for
bleed.  LDH is elevated, haptoglobin elevated as well, but this
is in the setting of inflammation and, thus may not reflect
accurately hemolysis.  Stools were guaiac negative.  Iron
revealed normal iron, elevated ferritin, and low TIBC c/w ACD.
.
# Depression:  Patient has a history of depression and was on
elavil previously.  She is not sure why this was discontinued
originally.  While hospitalized, she was experiencing low mood
and general anxiety.  Thus, celexa was started at 20mg daily on
[**2122-1-31**].  This can be titrated as appropriate upon discharge.
.
# Hypertension: after hypotension in the context of sepsis has
resolved, the patient hypertension which was controlled with
Labetalol and Captopril.  She did require occasional fluid bolus
in setting of negative fluid status and low UOP and transient
hypotension, to which her BP responded well.
.
# A-Flutter: transient episodes in the context of high
adrenergic state after acute sepsis resolved. Hemodynamically
stable and was in NSR for > 1week prior to discharge, continued
on BB.
.
# Steroid induced hypergylcemia: transiently on glargine, then
changed to Regular SS only as steroids were weaned.  Her blood
sugars have been well controlled.  She has not been requiring SS
coverage, but this should be initiated if glucose control
worsens.

# FEN: PEG tube in place. Tube feeds restarted after PEG tube
placement on [**2122-1-29**].
.
# PPx: Heparin SQ, PPI
.
# CODE: Full Code
