  The patient was admitted to the
hospital and underwent a repeat urinalysis and complete blood
count.

The patient was admitted to the Cardiac Surgery Service and
an evaluation for low-grade fever prior to her surgery.  The
patient had a repeat urinalysis and straight catheter
urinalysis recommended by Infectious Disease.  We obtained a
consultation from them, who felt that the patient did not
have a urinary tract infection and that there was no need for
her to continue antibiotic coverage.  Thus, from that
standpoint, was able to go to the operating room.  The repeat
urinalysis was negative with the straight catheterization.
The patient's white blood cell count was 13.5 preoperatively;
however, the patient had Solu-Medrol three days prior.  Thus,
this was not a concern.  Infectious Disease recommended that
the patient may go to the operating room without antibiotics.

The patient underwent a right atrial removal.  On
postoperative day one, the patient was extubated.  She
remained neurologically intact and remained in a sinus rhythm
with good pressure without any clips.  The patient was
saturating 97 percent on 2 liters.  She was able to take
clears without any difficulties.  She had a low-grade
temperature of 100.1, but this temperature defervesced.  The
patient's creatinine was 0.6.  Otherwise, she was doing well.
The patient's chest tubes were removed due to low chest tube
output, and she was advanced to a cardiac diet.

On postoperative day two, the patient was doing well.  The
patient was on the floor.  She was afebrile with stable vital
signs.  The patient was put on Toradol for pain management.
There were no major issues.

On postoperative day three, the patient remained afebrile
with stable vital signs.  The patient was put back on her
home medication and was given Dilaudid and Motrin for pain
management and was discharged home.