  Mr. [**Known lastname **] was admitted and underwent
central line placement to begin therapy. His admission weight
was 106.6 kg, and he received interleukin-II 600,000
international units per kilogram, equaling 64 million units
IV q.8h. x14 potential doses. During this week, he received
10 of 14 doses, with 1 dose held for questionable
neurotoxicity and 3 doses held due to development of
tachypnea, stridor and respiratory distress, requiring
mechanical ventilation. This event occurred in early morning
hours of treatment day #5 and he was transferred emergently
to the ICU and intubated, given stridor and tachypnea. He was
not having significant hypoxia at this time. He then became
hypotensive, requiring initiation of phenylephrine and
Levophed. At the time of his intubation, his bicarbonate was
15 and he was aggressively treated with bicarbonate
repletion. The patient was intubated x4 days and was
eventually extubated on [**1-11**]. He continued to recover
and was recovering was transferred back to the floor on
[**1-12**], where rehab was initiated. He developed
Clostridium difficile diarrhea, improved on Flagyl. He was
eventually discharged to home on [**2185-1-15**] with
physical therapy.

Other side effects during IL-2 therapy included mild chills;
development of an erythematous skin rash; nausea, improved
with lorazepam; diarrhea, improved with Lomotil, and fatigue

During this week, he developed acute renal failure with a
peak creatinine of 7.3, improved to 1.3 at the time of
discharge. He developed hyperbilirubinemia with a peak
bilirubin of 7.1, improved to 1.1 upon discharge. He also
developed transaminitis with a peak ALT of 100 and peak AST
of 117, improved to within normal limits at the time of
discharge. He was anemic with hemoglobin of 7.2, improved to
11.7 after packed red blood cell transfusion. He was
thrombocytopenic with a platelet count low of 55,000, without
evidence of bleeding. As noted above, he developed metabolic
acidosis, felt to be at least partially responsible for his
respiratory failure, with a minimum bicarbonate of 14,
improved with bicarbonate repletion. He had no evidence of
coagulopathy or myocarditis. By [**2185-1-15**] he was
discharged to home.