69 yo with myelodysplastic syndrome (RARS), presently D15C5
azacitidine presenting with fever, neutropenia, profound anemia,
diarrhea and cough with fever, lung exam concerning for PNA.
.
Respiratory Distress: Patient presented with profound anemia
likely secondary to her MDS. She received 5 UPRBC with
improvement of her HCT from 13.6 on admission to 23.2. She
developed respitratory distress likely secondary to combined
insult of her pneumonia and volume overload for which she
triggered. She was found to be in flash pulmonary edema. She
received supportive therapy. Her respiratory status improved and
she was transferred to the floor. She was started on albuterol
nebulizer treatement for possible bronchospasm, but this may not
need to be continued at the rehabilitation facility.
.
PNA/recurrent fevers: She had presented to clinic where she was
found to be febrile to 102 and neutropenic. a CXR showed a Left
lower lobe pneumonia. She was started on vancomycin and
cefepime. A DFA was negative. Blood cultures were negative. In
the interim, the patient was managed with meropenem,
voriconazole, azithromycin, and vancomcyin in the setting of
recurrent fevers and night sweats. She was discharged after
being afebrile for 1-2 days, with a short course of meropenem to
be completed.
.
MDS/Anemia: She has a history of sideroblastic anemia for which
she is on azacitidine. She received 5 units of pRBC over the
first 2 days of her hospitalization. There was a consideration,
given the recurrent fevers and night sweats, that the patient
had a hematologic etiology, perhaps transformation to AML.  A
smear was obtained and was unremarkable, so bone marrow biopsy
was deferred. She received a unit of pRBC on the day of
discharge, which she completed prior to transfer to
rehabilitation.
.
Altered mental status/right hand-wrist weakness: The patient
developed right hand/wrist weakness on [**12-26**]. The patient also
developed attention/cognitive deficits. An MR head was obtained
which showed a likely watershed infarct in the left frontal
cortex, with multiple focal lesions in both hemispheres. LP was
negative for meningitis. TTE bubble study was negative for PFO
or ASD. EEG was performed with results pending at time of
discharge. Her mental status improved considerably and she had a
clear thought process, and was consistently oriented to her
name, the name of her hospital, and the month/year.
.
LFT elevation: Hepatitis serologies were negative, as were
smooth Antibodies. She did have a positive [**Doctor First Name **] with titer
pending. Hepatic US showed Small amount of free perihepatic
fluid, collapsed gallbladder with wall edema, and small amount
of pericholecystic fluid. LFTs were improved by day of
discharge.
.
Neutropenic Fever: Her neutropenia was likely secondary to her
chemotherapy. She was placed on neutropenic precautions and her
ANC was trended.  Her neutropenia resolved with periodic dosing
of neupogen. She had had no fevers for 1-2 days prior to
discharge. Per ID recommendations, she was discharged on
meropenem, to be continued for six days following discharge.
.
Prophylaxis: She did not receive heparin SQ prophylactically
given the contraindication posed by her azacitidine therapy.  As
her platelet count remained normal, and there was no evidence of
intracranial hemorrhage on imaging, SC heparin was given for DVT
prophylaxis.