
This 55 yo F was admitted with a right brainstem bleed, thought
to be secondary to extreme hypertension. No AVM or cavernoma was
appreciated on MRI/MRA. Pt was initially treated in the ICU,
where she developed a LLL PNA, treated with Augmentin and
Flagyl. She also developed jaundice to propofol and was sedated
instead with versed. She initally failed swallow eval and had an
NG tube which remained until [**2133-6-15**] when she pulled it out,
however, susbequent repeat swallow eval suggested she could
tolerate oral nutrition.
Pt's BP originally controlled with labetalol gtt, but then
placed on oral regimen of labetalol, lisinopril, and HCTZ.
Systolic BP's are running 130-180, and titration of her BP meds
is ongoing.
Symptomatically, she showed significant improvement, becoming
drowsy with improved HA and nausea. Eye movements continued to
improve, although on discharge she still has some dysconjugate
gaze, giving her what appears as a partial one-and-a-half
syndrome. Her vertigo is also significantly improved, however,
she still experiences dizziness on standing and has trouble
taking more than a few steps without feeling like she is going
to fall. She is continuing to work with PT/OT, and was
discharged to rehab facility on [**2133-6-19**]