   The patient was admitted to the Purple
Surgery Service and treated with antiemetics, and medication,
as well as intravenous hydration for possible postoperative
ileus.

On hospital day two, she was noted to have increasing amounts
of gastric dilatation and increasing amounts of discomfort,
starting at approximately 11 o'clock that afternoon.

She was subsequently taken to the operating room for
re-exploration and revision of her jejunostomy tube
placement.  Please see the Operative Note per Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 333**]
[**Last Name (NamePattern1) **] for details of this operation.

Notably, during the course of this operation her course was
complicated by a aspiration upon anesthesia induction.
Approximately 2 liters of gastric content was estimated to
have entered the lungs and was rapidly suctioned out;
however, attempts at extubation failed, and the patient was
ultimately transferred to the Intensive Care Unit with a
presumed diagnosis of acute respiratory distress syndrome
secondary to her aspiration.

On [**2128-10-31**], the patient was maintained intubated in
the Intensive Care Unit.  On postoperative day one, the
patient was converted to a prone position in the Intensive
Care Unit to help improve her respiratory status.  This
gradually improved.  The patient was returned to a supine
position on postoperative day two.  She was gradually weaned
from the ventilator over the next several days until she was
extubated on postoperative day eight.

On postoperative day seven, Pseudomonas pneumonia was grown
from her tracheal tube.  She was started on ceftazidime and
Zosyn that was ultimately converted from Zosyn to
ciprofloxacin.  Tube feeds were started on postoperative day
eight and were brought to goal by postoperative day thirteen.

The patient was transferred to the floor on [**2128-11-12**].
Just prior to discharge to the floor, it was noted that she
had swelling in her right arm.  An ultrasound was undertaken
to rule out deep venous thrombosis.  A thrombus was seen
within the distal jugular vein; consistent with deep venous
thrombosis from the right brachial vein to the subclavian.
The patient was started on a heparin drip at that time, and
over the next several days was converted toward Coumadin.  At
the time of discharge, however, she was not therapeutic on
the Coumadin; potentially from interference from the
antibiotics she was on, so the patient was ultimately
discharged on Lovenox.

On the final day of the patient's admission, her port was
accessed.  She was discharged home on tube feeds at 120 cc
per hour times 15 hours.  She was given oxygen therapy;
predominately because of anxiety that she was dealing with
over feelings of air hunger.  She was also given Lovenox
injections.  All of this was accomplished through the aid of
a visiting nurse who was going to help the patient with
delivery of medications, the Lovenox injections, and the tube
feeds, as well as assisting with monitoring Coumadin in
concert with the local physician.