
# Shock: The patient presented with hypotension with systolics
in the 70s-80s compared to his baseline of 120s-130s in the
outpatient setting.  His pressures did not respond adequately to
fluid boluses.  A PICC line was placed and he was started on
dopamine initially.  Dopamine was switched to vasopressin given
concern for his recurrent ascites.  His shock was thought to be
due to a combination of sepsis and intravascular volume
depletion [**3-3**] recurrent malignant ascites. A definitive
infectious source was never identified, though SBP was excluded
with 2 large volume paracenteses. The patient was placed on
vancomycin, cefepime, and flagyl. He was also given stress dose
steroids. Fluid resuscitation was performed with crystalloid and
colloid without success. The patient continued to rapidly
reaccumulate fluid in his abdomen. The patient remained oliguric
to anuric during his admission. Norepinephrine was added on the
day of intubation added without improvement in urine output.
After a family meeting, the patient was made CMO and vasoactive
medications were discontinued. The patient expired shortly
thereafter.

# Respiratory failure: The patient developed tachypnea and
increased work of breathing on the morning of his expiration
while undergoing a CT head. He was intubated for respiratory
distress, self-extubated, and was reintubated for continuing
respiratory distress. Versed, fentanyl, and propofol were used
for sedation. A CXR did not show any acute intrapulmonary
process. Bilateral LENIs were negative for DVTs.  An ECHO did
not show any RV strain.  Most likely etiology was worsening lung
function in the setting of extensive RCC lung metastases and
worsening metabolic acidoses due to renal failure.  A family
meeting was held in the afternoon and the decision was made to
make him CMO given his poor prognosis.  The patient was
terminally extubated on the afternoon of [**9-12**] and expired
shortly thereafter.

# Acute renal failure: The patient was oliguric on presentation.
A renal ultrasound did not show impaired renal flow. Bladder
pressures were consistently below 20.  Etiology was likely
secondary to intraarterial volume depletion due to massive 3rd
spacing of fluids secondary to ascites. Urine output did not
improve after large volume paracentesis or after fluid
resuscitation with crystalloid or colloid.  Patient became
increasingly acidemic.  Dialysis was discussed and not
considered appropriate given his poor prognosis.

# Metastatic renal cell carcinoma: The patient required 2 large
volume paracenteses to manage his malignant ascites. His pain
was managed with a dilaudid PCA.  Patient's outpatient
oncologist was contact[**Name (NI) **] and informed of worsening status and
the decision was made to not be aggressive with interventions
given his worsening prognosis and lack of tumor response to
multiple biologic therapies.

# Comfort care: Patient's Oncologist was contact[**Name (NI) **] regarding
transitioning to comfort care.  As noted above, his prognosis
was poor given his lack of response to biologic therapies.
Palliative care service was consulted.  Patient's family was
called on the day of intubation and arrived in the afternoon.
Discussion was had with the family as well as Oncologist NP and
Palliative care and decision was made to terminally extubate.
Patient expired peacefully in the evening.