
54 year old woman with past medical history of diverticulosis
with past GI bleeds, atrial fibrillation (CHADS1, not on
coumadin) who presented with acute bright red blood per rectum,
hypotension and 20 point hematocrit drop. Patient was initially
in the MICU and then transferred to the floor where she
tolerated bowel preparation and underwent colonoscopy showing
diffuse diverticular disease but no more active bleeding.
.
# Bright red blood per rectum: Gastroenterology and General
Surgery followed the patient closely in-house. Hematocrit
stabilized after 6 units pRBC, 1 unit FFP. Etiology likely
diverticular bleed given her long-standing history of
constipation and history of significant diverticular bleeds.
Also on the differential but lower include ischemic colitis
given atrial fibrillation (without coumadin) and lactate 4.2
initially. Repeat colonoscopy revealed extensive diverticular
disease throughotu patient's colon. Her IV pantoprazole was
discontinued and patient started on clears diet which she
tolerated well; her diet was eventually advanced. Patient was
educated on dietary/bowel management for diverticuli and
discharged with close follow-up in GI and Gen [**Doctor First Name **] clinics.
Patient is to discuss surgical option, such as bowel resection,
given her significant history of dangerous diverticular bleeds
in the past (X3-4?)
.
# PRURITIC RASH: Slightly erythematous and excoriated. Responded
to Sarna lotion. Patient felt the IV pantoprazole caused her
rash.
.
# PAROXYSMAL ATRIAL FIBRILLATION: Patient remained in sinus
rhythm. Given her GI bleed, aspirin was held, to be restarted
upon discharge. She was continued on Propafenon short acting, to
resume her home long acting version upon discharge.
.
# CHRONIC DIASTOLIC HEART FAILURE: Well compensated, although
likely tolerates rapid ventricular response very poorly. No
crackles and trace lower extremity edema on exam. After her
colonoscopy, patient's home Diltiazem dose was restarted in
short-acting form. Her enalapril was held to be restarted when
patient was discharged home.
.
# OSTEOARTHRITIS: Stable and pain well controlled with tylenol
and oxycodone PRN
.
# BLADDER TUMOR: No clinical evidence of recurrence and was
stable.
.
# Right Femoral line: Difficult access and initial IJ was
attempted unsuccessfully. Patient had two peripheral IVs as well
and after colonoscopy, had the right femoral line removed
without issues. Site remained clean, dry and intact until after
discharge.
.
# CODE: Full, discussed and confirmed in ICU