  The patient was initially admitted to the
MICU where he was put on CPAP and diuresed aggressively.  By
hospital day two he was down to 2 liters by nasal cannula and
sating in the 98% range.  He was believed to be near his
baseline.  His lungs sounded course, but he was moving good
air.  He was called out to the floor.  On the floor he
continued to do well.  He was switched from his Combivent
inhaler and given Flovent inhaler and deemed safe to go home.
He received steroids for a chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease flare in the unit, but on the floor no steroids were
required.  He had no evidence for pneumonia and was never
treated for any antibiotics.  We will send him out on a
regular daily dose of Lasix and chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease medications.

We believe the source of his problems included poor medical
compliance.  On questioning the patient states he always
takes his medications, although in speaking with the family
there is some doubt about this.  Furthermore he states he
consumes large quantities of salt and water.  He was advised
that he needs to comply with his medications and watch his
salt and fluid intake.  We will send him home with [**Hospital6 3429**] to evaluate his dietary habits and his home
medication compliance.