
Ms. [**Known lastname 6164**] was a same day admit and on [**2126-10-15**] was brought
directly to the operating room where she underwent a
redo-sternotomy, aortic valve replacement. Please see operative
note for surgical details.

Overall the patient tolerated the procedure well and
post-operatively was transferred to the CVICU in stable
condition for recovery and invasive monitoring.

POD 1 found the patient extubated, alert and oriented and
breathing comfortably.  The patient was neurologically intact
and hemodynamically stable, weaned from inotropic and
vasopressor support.

Beta blocker was initiated and the patient was gently diuresed
toward the preoperative weight. Pt went into afib post op. Amio
was started. pt in afib longer then 24 hrs. Coumadin was
iniated, and now on a amio taper with coumadin for new onset
afib.The patient was transferred to the telemetry floor for
further recovery.  Chest tubes and pacing wires were
discontinued without complication.The patient was evaluated by
the physical therapy service for assistance with strength and
mobility. Gently diuresed toward her preop weight.  She proved
to be somewhat sensitive to coumadin and was treated with FFP
when she was supratherapeutic.

By the time of discharge on POD 10 the patient was ambulating
freely, the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral
analgesics.  The patient was discharged to home in stable
condition with appropriate follow up instructions.Target INR
2.0-2.5 for A Fib. First blood draw tomorrow [**10-26**].