
Summary of Hospital Course: 53 year old man with h/o AML s/p
allo cord transplant (day +516 on admission) complicated by
chronic GVHD with arthritis, BOOP, who now presents to clinic
with acute on chronic renal failure. Hospital course complicated
by syncopal episode the day of admission resulting in Code Blue
and hyperkalemia, requiring brief ICU admission.

#Syncope: Patient had syncopal episode the day of admission,
where he was unresponsive for ~1 minute while lying flat.
Unclear etiology, possible due to orthostatic hypotension (noted
to have orthostatic physiology in the ICU and on the floor) vs
arrythmia vs seizure activity. Of note, (per wife), patient has
had many of these episodes recently (~2 years, ~1-2 episodes per
week). Patient denied any heralding symptoms and was not
post-ictal afterwards, but was noted to have a resting tremor in
the MICU. His history of tremor is not consistent wtih seizure
activity. It appears to be an intention tremor that gets worse
when holding on to objects and is low in amplitude while high in
frequency, bilateral and not associated with change in
consciousness or incontinence.

Noted to be hyperkalemic during the code, given amp D50 and 10 U
insulin peri-code and kayexalate in the ICU, with drop in
potassium down to 4.0 on discharge.   Neurology consulted on
patient who recommended EEG and possible midodrine or fluorinef
support. Held patient's lisinopril, but continued him on his
carvedilol 12.5 mg PO BID as this was recently decreased in the
setting of light headedness/dizziness by his cardiologist on
[**3-21**], although informed him not to take the medication if he had
any pre-syncopal symptoms. Medication can be decreased at the
discretion of his cardiologist. Patient had no further syncopal
episodes or events on telemetry in the ICU or on the floor.
Neurology was consulted who recommended an EEG, possible blood
pressure support with midodrine or fluorinef, at the discretion
of the patient's outpatient oncologist and nephrologist. Was
noted to not have any telemetry events or syncopal events while
ambulating, with appropriate increase in pulse and blood
pressure. and requested to be discharged with outpatient syncope
work-up. Outpatient TTE, EEG, carotid U/S, and holter monitering
were arranged prior to discharge.

#Acute on chronic renal failure: Noted to have mildly elevated
Cre to 2.3 in clinic the day of admission. Creatine has
fluctuated over the past two years, with several episodes of
acute renal failure while hospitalized. Followed by nephrology
as an outpatient. Per outpatient notes, etiology of CKD thought
to be [**2-14**] ATN that has not resolved, medication effect in the
setting of bactrim, voriconazole, lisinopril, or AIN. Less
likely due to AML infiltration of kidneys (very rare) or
chemotherapy. Unlikely progressive glomerular disease given
patient only has scant proteinuria. Patient has refused renal
biopsy in the past. Baseline Cre has been 1.4-2.0 over the past
few months.  Lisinopril was held. Cellcept was decreased to
[**Telephone/Fax (3) 39636**] as GFR was ~30. Oral fluid intake encouraged. Renal
failure resolved to baseline creatinine (1.9) on discharge.
Renal did not have chance to formally consult on patient since
he requested discharge, but stated informally that they had no
further recommendations as an inpatient since he was refusing
renal biopsy, and he could be accommodated very soon in renal
clinic with his current outpatient nephrologist.

#Congestive Heart Failure: Euvolemic to mildly hypervolemic on
exam. Requested TTE as outpatient. Continued home meds including
aspirin, beta-blocker. Held ACEI due to hyperkalemia.

#AML: allo SCT +519 days. counts stable. continued prophylactic
medications. Arranged to follow up with outpatient oncologist.

#Epigastric discomfort: Gastritis, likely in setting of
prednisone. Patient has tried and failed Nexium, reporting it
has not helped his gastritis for 3 months. Relieved with
protonix, which was added to med list on discharge. Can obtain
prior authorization from PCP [**Name Initial (PRE) 5564**].