
79M with CAD, diastolic CHF (EF 50-55%), afib on Coumadin
admitted with volume overload in setting of N/V at home x 3
days, found to have INR 19 with no bleeding complications and
moderate pericardial effusion with no tamponade physiology
transferred to CCU for hypotension in setting of diuresis. He
was stabilized and went to the floor. On the floor, the patient
was unwilling to participate in most aspects of care. He took
off his telemetry leads, then was found unresponsive by a nurse
and was found to be in PEA arrest, likely secondary to cardiac
tamonade. There was a prolonged amount of time without a pulse.
He was taken back to the CCU, where he underwent intubation and
cooling protocol. Off of sedation, there was evidence of
extensive neurologic damage, and a poor functional recovery was
expected. Because of underlying kidney failure and uremia, he
received hemodialysis to achieve a BUN less than upon admission
(when he was mentating well). Because of poor renal clearance,
serum benzos remained positive. He was given flumazenil to
reverse any effect they may be having, and there was a minimal
response. Ethics was involved and after extensive discussion
with all available contacts, it was decided to make the patient
CMO. The patient expired several hours later on [**2172-10-13**].
