   The patient was admitted
for his acute renal insufficiency.  His Lasix and his
Aldactone were held.  His hyperkalemia responded well to his
Kayexalate therapy.

The patient was noted to have some mild periorbital erythema
and edema on the right side of his face.  He was initially
started on doxycycline for this presumed preseptal
cellulitis.

The patient's creatinine did initially improve; however, it
started to increase again slowly during the course of his
hospital stay.  Initially, it was felt that the patient's
initial presentation of acute renal insufficiency was
secondary to aggressive diuresis; however, in the setting of
his diuretics being held and his continued increase in his
creatinine, it was possible that he could have the initial
stages of hepatorenal syndrome.  The patient has had elevated
creatinines on previous hospitalizations, presumed to be
related to hepatorenal syndrome.  The patient was started on
octreotide and midodrine.

Also in the setting of his acute renal insufficiency, his
tetracycline was held as it was possible that this could be a
contributing factor.

An Ophthalmology consultation was obtained which showed just
some very mild preseptal cellulitis with no orbital signs or
symptoms suggestive of an orbital cellulitis.  The patient's
doxycycline was discontinued in favor of Keflex.

The patient did have urine eosinophils and sediment checked.
He had bland sediment which was not consistent with an acute
tubular necrosis type picture.  The patient was also
transfused with 2 units of packed red blood cells for a low
hematocrit early on during the course of his hospital stay.
The patient did not have any upper endoscopy as his anemia
was not suspected to be secondary to esophageal varices.

The patient's creatinine continued to rise in the setting of
his octreotide and midodrine therapy.  Because of this,
albumin 25 grams intravenously once per day was also started.

On [**2138-3-29**], the patient became encephalopathic.  Blood
cultures and urine cultures were sent, and he did have an
episode of occult-blood positive stools.

In the setting of his encephalopathy, his renal function did
improve; however, he was transferred to the Unit for further
observation.  A nasogastric lavage was done in the setting of
his occult-blood positive stool.  The nasogastric lavage was
negative for blood.  He did have a STAT head computed
tomography which was negative for bleed.  All sedatives were
discontinued, and he was started on lactulose therapy.  A
chest x-ray there was negative for a pneumonia.  The patient
did have serial blood cultures done.  He did have a total of
[**6-26**] blood cultures positive for methicillin-resistant
coagulase-negative Staphylococcus.  His mental status did
improve on lactulose therapy.

The origin of his staphylococcal bacteremia was still
uncertain.  In this setting, he did have a diagnostic
paracentesis done which was negative for spontaneous
bacterial peritonitis.  The patient was started on vancomycin
for his high-grade bacteremia.  He did have a transesophageal
echocardiogram done which was negative for endocarditis.  Per
the Infectious Disease staff, it was recommended that he be
treated with four to six weeks of vancomycin from the date of
his last positive blood cultures which were [**2138-3-30**].

The patient was transferred back to the floor with an
improved mental status and improved renal function.  He did
well on the floor.  His hematocrit remained stable.  He
remained afebrile on vancomycin.  The patient also completed
a course of levofloxacin for his preseptal cellulitis.   For
his preseptal cellulitis, he received a total of 10 days of
antibiotics which included doxycycline, Keflex, and
levofloxacin.  The patient did have good nutritional intake
while on the floor.  His creatinine remained in the 1.6 to
1.9 range on the floor and stable.  His baseline creatinine
is around 1.  He was not started on diuretics at discharge.

A peripherally inserted central catheter line was placed for
administration of intravenous vancomycin for his high-grade
methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus epidermitis bacteremia.
The patient was seen by Physical Therapy and was discharged
from their service as he had no acute physical therapy needs.
The patient did have a candidal infection of his groin area
which was treated with topical anti-fungal medications, to
which he responded well to.

Toward the end of his hospital stay, the patient did have
increased diarrhea.  His lactulose was held which improved
his diarrhea somewhat; however, he did complain of increased
diarrhea.  He did have Clostridium difficile toxins times
three days which were sent.  These were negative for
Clostridium difficile.

The patient was discharged on no diuretics; however, the
possibility of restarting Aldactone 50 mg will be considered
as an outpatient.  He will be discharged with a total course
of four to six weeks of vancomycin.  The start date on his
vancomycin was [**2138-3-30**].