
Patient underwent esophagogastectomy with rou-en-y
reconstruction for longstangind history of esophageal stricture
and gastric atony on [**2170-2-22**].  Overnight patient develop increase
in need for fluid to support blood pressure as well as a bile
leak from one of the anastomosis.  Then patient developed
increased in abdominal bladder pressure.  She was taken urgently
to the operating room for the revision of the anastomosis and
wash out.  Her abdomin was unable to be closed so bogata bag was
placed.  After the operation, patient continued to require fluid
and pressors for blood pressure support.  Then patient became
septic.  She was started on Xigris for treatment of septic
shock.  She improved but continued to require full ICU care.
Neurologically, she moved all extremities but required sedation
and paralysis to help with oxygenation.  Cadiovascularlly, she
was started on Xigris which initally helped with decreased in
need for pressors but she continued to need pressors for blood
pressure support.  She also developed atrial fibrillation which
lead to need for amiodarone drip for a period of time.  She
continued to need mechanical support and the need for supported
increased for both oxygenation and ventilation over time.
Patient also developed renal insuffiency.  Patient also
developed shocked liver with coagulation parameters not
responding to replacements.  On [**2170-3-5**], she developed
leukocytosis to 40s and she was taken to the operating room for
a washout.  Subsequently she developed multi-organ failure.
After a discussion with family patient was made comfort measures
only and she died after withdrawing her ventilation.
