  Patient was taken to the operating room
emergently for a question of a ruptured abdominal aortic
aneurysm. Intraoperatively, it was found that she had a large
aneurysm. There was also extensive bleeding from her
cirrhosis and; therefore, she was left packed and open.
Please see the operative report for further details.
Postoperatively, she was transferred to the surgical
intensive care unit, and she was aggressively resuscitated.
After this was done, over the next couple of days she
stabilized, bladder pressures were followed, and she was
treated for ARDS with an esophageal balloon, and ventilatory
management, and an echo was done which showed normal EF.

The patient was then returned to the operating room for
abdominal washout. Transplant surgery was consulted who
assisted in the operative intervention. At this time, it was
decided that the patient would return to the operating room.
During the second washout, a Vicryl mesh was placed, and a
VAC dressing was continued. Her LFTs were followed, and her
platelet count was also followed, and her platelet count
began to slowly fall. Because of this, a HIT panel was sent,
and this was positive. Her heparin was stopped, her lines
were changed, and she was followed from this standpoint.
Postoperatively, from the second washout she was continued on
ventilatory management, and she was kept on Levophed for
blood pressure control. She continued to require significant
fluid resuscitation, as she was losing over 3-4 liters of
ascites fluid from her open abdomen. VAC dressings were
changed at the bedside multiple times, and there was slow
granulation tissue. She was started on TPN for nutritional
support during this time.

After multiple attempts at weaning the ventilator were
attempted, it was decided that the patient would proceed to a
tracheostomy, as she was not weaning adequately. Because of
this, a tracheostomy was performed, and she did well from
that standpoint. She slowly began to improve. However, LFTs
continued to rise, and her VAC drain output continued to stay
high at over 5 liters. She was continued to be replaced with
albumin, as well as with IV fluid. During this time, she
began spiking fevers. Pancultures were done, and she was
found to have Pseudomonas in her lungs and; therefore, she
was changed from Zosyn to meropenem. She became afebrile at
that point, and she continued to do well from a pulmonary
standpoint. However, she continued to require high
ventilatory support with high PEEP and high pressure support,
and she was intermittently switched back and forth between
assist control and CPAP.

From a graft standpoint, she had palpable pulses and good
distal perfusion throughout. She was attempted on multiple
occasions to be given anticoagulation using argatroban and
lepirudin. However, her creatinine clearance and primary
liver function abnormalities did not allow for adequate
anticoagulation. She had multiple episodes of bleeding, both
from her NG tube, as well as from her Foley which required
significant blood product resuscitation. As her bilirubin and
LFTs began to rise, and her VAC output continued to rise, a
hepatology consult was performed, and a liver ultrasound was
also done. The liver ultrasound found that she had thrombosed
her portal vein, and because of her dropping hematocrit, the
hepatology service proceeded with an endoscopy. Multiple
esophageal varices were identified, and while no active
bleeding was present, these were significant, and felt that
they would likely cause bleeding in the future. Therefore,
they were banded.

Again, she began having high fevers, and she had ventilator
acquired pneumonia with the Pseudomonas, and this had now
become resistant to meropenem. Therefore, she was changed to
ciprofloxacin. At the same time, she had blood cultures which
had gram-positive cocci. She was started empirically on
vancomycin. During one of these episodes of hypotension, she
had some [**Known lastname **] changes which were concerning for myocardial
ischemia. An EKG was done, and cardiology was consulted. They
felt that ultimately this was due to demand ischemia from her
overwhelming sepsis. They had no further suggestions other
than supportive care as tolerable.

Multiple family meetings were done, as the patient continued
to not improve. The family was present throughout multiple of
these decisions, and it was decided ultimately that she would
be made DNR pending any further results or deterioration.
After proceeding with the ultrasound and finding the
thrombosis of her portal vein, a repeat family meeting was
held, and it was decided that the patient would be made
comfort measures only. She was made comfort measures on
[**2118-3-15**] and passed away shortly thereafter.
Patient's family was present throughout the entire time, and
after the meeting was there at the time when the patient
passed away. Patient died at 1:15 p.m. on [**2118-3-15**].
The patient's family declined a postmortem evaluation at this
time.