
77 M with history of stage IIIa NSCLC, sCHF with EF 35-40%, CAD
s/p CABG presenting initially for n/v/[**Hospital **] transferred to ICU
for hypotension, hypoxia, and fever.

# Respiratory distress: Patient transferred to ICU on HD 1 due
to episode of hypotension and hypoxia while receiving blood
transfusion.  Patient continued to be hypotensive and hypoxic
throughout the day with an increasing O2 requirement.  He spiked
a fever and CXR was concerning for new pneumonia, so vancomycin,
cefepime and levofloxacin were started.  Patient was transferred
to the ICU for close monitoring.  His blood pressure remained
stable with normal mentation and good urine output, and he did
not require any fluid boluses or pressors.  He continued to
require a non rebreather to maintain oxygen saturations, and
de-sat'ed to 70s without the facemask.
   Concerns were for bacterial pneumonia vs PCP pneumonia vs
radiation pneumonitis vs worsening of underlying malignancy.
Patient was initially put on steroids to treat radiation
pneumonitis in addition the antibiotics as above to cover
hospital acquired bacterial pneumonia.  Patient's oxygen
requirement increased overnight on HD 3 and so treatment for PCP
pneumonia was started with high dose bactrim.  Steroids were
altered to treat PCP rather than radiation pneumonitis.  Beta
glucan and galactomannan were also sent on HD 2.
   Once patient was made comfort measures only, antibiotics and
steroids were discontinued, and focus was turned towards
controlling tachypnea and dyspnea with morphine and
albuterol/ipratropium nebulizers.  Patient was kept on shovel
mask and nasal cannula and was given morphine as needed for
assistance with breathing.
   Family requested to have oxygen removed, and start morphine
drip.  Drip started, and nasal cannula/shovel mask removed and
patient expired within 30 minutes.

# Right MCA stroke: On HD 3, housestaff was called to bedside
for acute change in patient's breathing.  Patient was noted to
have left sided neglect in addition to complete left sided
hemiplegia.  A code stroke was called and a CT of the head
showed a non-hemorrhagic stroke in the right MCA, adjacent to
prior stroke.  TPA was not given as neurology felt that it was
high risk for re-bleed of prior stroke.  Patient was started on
aspirin 325mg, however, once decision was made to make patient
comfort measures only, aspirin was discontinued.

# Insomnia: Patient struggled with insomnia throughout
admission.  He was prescribed olanzapine in the outpatient
setting which helped him sleep at doses of 15mg qHS.  With the
assistance of palliative care, patient was continued on
olanzapine 10mg qHS.  He was also given morphine as needed for
comfort as part of his difficulty sleeping was secondary to his
tachypnea.

# Goals of care: Several goals of care discussions occurred
during hospitalization.  Following patient's stroke, he and his
family decided that they wanted him to be comfort measures only
and to go home with hospice.  However, patient developed
increased work of breathing and family requested morphine
boluses.  Patient was made comfortable with morphine boluses,
then morphine drip and expired at 07:11am on [**2160-12-11**].