  On [**2-11**] at the outside hospital she
was in normal sinus rhythm, within normal limits.  On
[**2-17**], narrow tachycardia, supraventricular tachycardia
120s to 130 with rare related ST changes.  The patient was
placed on Telemetry.  Rate was in the 180s after examination.
Repeat blood pressure noted the patient to be in 80s/40s. The
patient was then sent to the medical floor for fever workup.
Diltiazem drip was started for tachycardia.  The patient
became hypotensive.  The patient was transferred to the
Coronary Care Unit for treatment of hypotension and
concomitant atrial tachycardia as well as fever workup.  On
[**2152-2-27**], the patient was noted to have a right
pneumothorax, status post right internal jugular line
placement.  Chest tube was placed.  The patient was also
noted to have Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in
the urine and gastrotomy tube.  Esmolol drip and
Neosynephrine drip were started for her hypotension.  On
[**2-29**], the patient underwent the ablation procedure.
Esmolol and Amiodarone were discontinued.  The patient was
weaned off of Neosynephrine.  On [**3-1**], the patient was
taken off of pressors and was placed on maintenance fluid.
The patient was also noted to have Clostridium difficile.
The patient was transferred to the floor on [**2152-3-1**].  Chart was reviewed and the patient was seen and
examined.

In summary, the patient is an 83 year old female with
hypertension, hypothyroidism, depression, atrial tachycardia,
transferred from the outside hospital status post surgical
repair for a duodenal ulcer and was sent to [**Hospital6 1760**] for EP ablation for atrial
tachycardia.  The patient was admitted to Coronary Care Unit
secondary to decreased blood pressure in the setting of
intravenous calcium channel blocker for rate control, lymph
assist and tachycardia.  Intensive Care Unit course thought a
right pneumothorax secondary to attempted internal jugular
line placement.  The patient underwent successful ablation of
atrial tachycardia, atrial flutter on [**2-28**].
Infectious disease issues included Clostridium difficile in
stool, Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus pyuria in
urine in the setting of Foley catheterization.  On the floor
the patient remained stable and had numerous complaints of
pain.  The patient had no cardiac events.  The patient was
placed on Flagyl for a 14 day course, 500 mg b.i.d.  The
patient was on Vancomycin intravenously 750 q. 18 for a
course of seven days.  The patient got tube feeds via the
gastrostomy tube.  The patient is to be screened for
rehabilitation to assist with placement.  The patient's
laboratory data indicated the patient was generally
hypophosphatemic and would supplement as such.  The patient's
TSH was also elevated to 25 and we would be increasing her
Synthroid dose.