  The following is a summary of the [**Hospital 228**]
hospital course by system:

1.  Gastrointestinal:  The patient was started on intravenous
Pepcid.  IV access was maintained so that proper hydration
and transfusion support could be given in the case of a major
re-bleed.  The patient was given Zofran and Ativan for
nausea.  Serial hematocrits were followed throughout the
[**Hospital 228**] hospital stay in the Intensive Care Unit.  He
required no transfusion support while he was in the MICU.
The patient received consultation from the Gastroenterology
team while in the MICU.  They suggested conservative
management given the fact that he was not actively bleeding
when they visited him.  The patient was kept NPO for a few
days but then, with improvement of his mental status, as
described below, his diet was started and advanced as
tolerated.  The patient's hematocrit remained stable
throughout the rest of his hospital stay.  He was switched
from IV Pepcid to p.o. Protonix towards the end of his MICU
stay.  He had no further bleeding issues while in the
hospital.

2.  Alcohol withdrawal.  The patient was monitored for signs
of withdrawal with the CIWA scale.  He received Ativan at
first, but this was replaced with Valium afterwards.  The
patient required massive doses of benzodiazepines during his
withdrawal period.  His liver function tests and coagulation
profiles were checked serially for signs of acute hepatitis,
which he did not show.  The patient required, in addition to
benzodiazepines, Haldol for agitation related to his
withdrawal.  He was started on IV thiamine, folic acid and
multivitamins.  He was weaned off the benzodiazepine regimen.
There was concern for propylene glycol toxicity secondary to
massive Ativan administration.  However, the patient did not
show any signs of renal failure throughout his hospital stay.
Towards the end of his stay in the MICU, the patient was not
exhibiting signs of alcohol withdrawal, although his mental
status was still not at baseline.

3.  Infectious Disease.  The patient had an elevated white
blood cell count on admission but no focus for infection
could be found.  When the patient started producing sputum
toward the middle of his hospital stay, the patient was
started briefly on levofloxacin, but this was discontinued
given that he was no longer febrile and that chest x-rays did
not indicate any sign of pulmonary infection.

4.  Psychiatry.  The patient appeared to have a psychiatric
history given his outpatient medications.  The decision was
made to request a Psychiatry consult when the patient left
the floor.

Peripheral access was achieved by using Pneumoboots to
prevent deep venous thrombosis, as well as intravenous
famotidine and later p.o. proton pump inhibitor.

Based on his improved condition, the patient was deemed ready
for transfer to the floor for continued care.  The patient
was transferred to the Bloomgard firm, who are responsible
for the continuation of this dictation.  The rest of the
patient's dictation will be covered by the Bloomgard intern
who took care of the patient and will be described in a
future discharge summary dictation.




                            [**First Name11 (Name Pattern1) 734**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 735**], M.D.  [**MD Number(1) 736**]

Dictated By:[**Last Name (NamePattern1) 1595**]
MEDQUIST36

D:  [**2114-4-9**]  14:37
T:  [**2114-4-9**]  14:02
JOB#:  [**Job Number 34396**]
