  This is a 63-year-old male with a history
of acute myelogenous leukemia who is day 14 of consolidation
chemotherapy who presented with fever and neutropenia.  The
patient developed a rash, tachycardia, and hypotension after
receiving one dose of Ceftazidime.  Our initial suspicion was
that the hypotension was multifactorial, likely due secondary
to sepsis, as well as anaphylaxis to the Ceftazidime.

The patient was initially admitted to the MICU.  Here, he was
started on an epinephrine drip.  He was treated empirically
with Vancomycin and ................... and continued on
Solu-Medrol 80 mg q.8  for probable anaphylaxis.

The patient remained hemodynamically stable over night and
was called out to the Bone Marrow Transplant Unit on the
following day.

1.  Anaphylaxis following Ceftazidime:  Upon discharge from
the Medical Intensive Care Unit, the patient was noted to be
hemodynamically stable.  At this time, he was switched to an
oral Prednisone at taper and was continued on Benadryl and
Zantac.  An Allergy consult was obtained, and they concurred
that the anaphylaxis was most likely secondary to the
Ceftazidime.  They recommended decreasing the patient's
steroids to Prednisone 60 mg q.d. and then discontinuing it
after 24 hours.  They also instructed us to avoid to all
penicillins and cephalosporins, although Vancomycin and
.................... were thought to be appropriate.

2.  Infectious disease:  On hospital day #3, the patient had
2 out of 2 blood cultures grow gram positive cocci in pairs
and clusters.  He was continued on his Vancomycin, as well as
..................  The organism was subsequently speciated
as MRSA.  His urine culture subsequently grew coag-negative
staph as well.  The patient subsequently was continued only
on Vancomycin, as well as Gentamicin times four days for
augmentation.  The patient subsequently had a CT scan of his
chest which revealed multiple inflammatory foci within his
lungs, as well as bilateral small pleural effusions.  These
results were discussed with both the pulmonary service, as
well as the Infectious Disease team.  Their consensus was
that these nodules most likely represented infected foci with
MRSA.  The initial plan was to continue to treat the patient
with Vancomycin and to subsequently reimage after a short
duration of antibiotic therapy.

The patient was subsequently noted to have diffuse erythema
and induration over his right deltoid.  This was noted to be
distinct from the diffuse macular papular rash that he
presented with which was noted to be resolving.

The patient was seen by the Dermatology Service who obtained
a biopsy of his right deltoid for pathologic analysis and
culture.  The patient subsequently had a CT of his right
shoulder which revealed .................. of his fat planes
with nearby inflammation and edema.  The Dermatology Service
felt that these findings were most consistent with a drug
eruption, likely a residual response to the Ceftazidime.

Given his degree of MRSA bacteremia, the patient had a TTE to
rule out endocarditis.  No vegetations were noted.  The
patient subsequently had an MRI of his abdomen to rule out
hepatosplenic candidiasis after his liver function tests were
noted to be mildly elevated.  This revealed a 5.2 x 4.5 cm
cystic lesion with rim enhancement over the right psoas.
This was felt to be consistent with abscess.  The patient was
subsequently noted to have a tender, inflamed right calf.
The right deltoid edema and erythema that he had were noted
to be worse.  These were all felt to likely represent
abscess.  The patient subsequently underwent a CT-guided
placement of a pigtail catheter over the right psoas abscess.
He underwent ultrasound-guided aspiration of right shoulder,
as well as the left calf.  Subsequent cultures from these
fluid collections grew MRSA.  After the procedure, the
patient drained over 100 cc from the right psoas.  His right
deltoid and left calf continued to be tender, indurated, and
erythematous.

We were concerned about probable reaccumulation.  At this
point, we involved the General Surgery Service.  The patient
underwent incision and drainage of the right deltoid and left
calf fluid collections.  This procedure was done on [**6-1**]
by Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] from General Surgery.  The patient tolerated
the procedure well.  He did not have any reaccummulation in
either the deltoid or the calf.  He subsequently had a repeat
CAT scan to evaluate for interval change in the pulmonary
nodules and psoas collection.  The pulmonary nodules were
noted to be decreased in size but not number.  This was still
felt to be consistent with a therapeutic response.  Of note,
the psoas collection was noted to have resolved, and the
pigtail catheter was removed.

At the time of this dictation, the recommendation of the
Infectious Disease team is for a total of 12 weeks of
Vancomycin therapy.  We will dose the Vancomycin only for
trough levels of under 20 given his acute on chronic renal
insufficiency.

3.  Oncologic:  The patient was initially noted to be
neutropenic.  He was continued on Neupogen 480 mcg subcue
q.d.  During his hospital course, his white blood cell count
returned to the normal range.  Thus far, his platelets have
been somewhat slower to respond.  They have remained in the
40,000 range.  The patient underwent a repeat bone marrow
aspiration to evaluate for response after consolidation
chemotherapy.  The bone marrow aspirate was consistent with
remission.

The patient will follow with his primary oncologist Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) **]
[**Last Name (NamePattern1) **] for continuation of his chemotherapy.

4.  Renal:  After the patient's repeat chest and abdomen CT
scan, his creatinine increased to 2.0.  This was felt to be
most consistent with contrast ATN.  The patient had a FENa of
approximately 4% which was more consistent with an intrinsic
renal etiology.  We hydrated the patient gently.  We dosed
his Vancomycin only for trough levels of less than 20.  We
anticipate that his creatinine will improve gradually.