
# Altered Mental Status: The patient's unresponsiveness/altered
mental status was possibly due to versed/fentanyl with slow
metabolism, but also possibly due to hypoxia and resultant CNS
insult that occurred as a result of her hypoperfusion with low
HR and blood pressure.  Alternative explanations include CVA and
other toxic/metabolic abnormalities. Glucose level was normal.
As this change in level of consciousness was so acute, less
likely due to infection/sepsis.  Patient also with long history
of atrial fibrillation, not currently on anticoagulation with an
INR of 1.2. The patient was admitted to the SICU under the care
of the MICU team.  Her airway was monitored closely and she had
a repeat ABG that showed 7.4/65/127.  She did not receive any
further opiates/benzodiazepines.  Her mental status was waxing
and [**Doctor Last Name 688**], and she would have periods throughout the night
where she would open her eyes and follow simple commands
(squeeze hands).  Otherwise, she was responsive only to painful
stimuli.  An MRI of her brain was performed due to concern for
embolic CVA which showed no acute pathology.  She did receive
flumazenil 0.5mg again along with narcan 0.4mg.  Approximately
one hour after the administration of these medicines, the
patient was fully awake, alert and oriented. On the day
following admission, she was able to converse with her family
(present at bedside) although she frequently reported feeling
"tired."  She later tolerated her IP procedure well and was
alert on discharge.

# Hypotension: When the patient first arrived to the ICU, her
blood pressures were in the high 90s and low 100s systolic.
Over the subsequent several hours, her blood pressures drifted
down to a nadir of 70s systolic. She received 2 IV fluid boluses
of 500ml.  She showed improvement in her blood pressure to
90s-100s.  A central line set up was at bed side in case
pressors were needed, but her blood pressure remained stable and
then increased to 120s systolic when she became fully awake.
During this time her UOP remained satisfactory, averaging
30ml/hour.

# EKG changes: The patient had EKG changes during her initial
bradycardic/hypotensive episode with new RBBB and minimal ST
depressions in V2-V3. A repeat EKG 30 minutes later showed
resolution of these findings and only showed atrial fibrillation
with no ST/T wave abnormalities. The patient does not carry the
diagnosis of CAD, but is a diabetic and is predisposed to
vascular abnormalities.  As a result cardiac enzymes were
cycled.  A second set did show a small increase in troponin T to
0.02, but no MB component. Third set of enzymes was negative.

# NSCLC with pleural effusion: Patient is now status post 2
cycles with investigatory drug, now with reaccumulation of
pleural effusion.  The reaccumulation likely represents
progression of tumor. On the day following admission, she was
seen by IP and a PleurX catheter was placed at bedside with
drainage of 1100 cc of fluid. After the procedure, the patient
reported feelling "much better." F/U chest x-ray showed no PTX.
She was called out to the general medical wards after this
procedure. She was discharged the following day with no acute
issues.

# DM 2: The patient's diabetes was generally diet controlled,
here with glucose range 150-250.  She was maintained on a RISS.

# Afib: Atenolol was discontinued given her hypotension. Pt's
heart rate was stable prior to discharge.

# Hypothyroidism: A TSH was sent and was elevated at 7.8,
however, a free T4 was normal at 1.6. Te patient was maintained
on her home dose levothyroxine via PEG daily.

# Code status: The patient expressed wishes to be DNR/DNI during
this admission. This decision was discussed with her daughter at
bedside. The patient was provided with a DNR/DNI form to
complete should she require future documentation of this
decision. Patient was discharged home with VNA. The family did
not want hospice but VNA will be there to assist them and help
make the patient comfortable. Palliative care was also consulted
this admission to help with planning.