
# Unresponsiveness/VTACH - 61 y.o. man with significant cardiac
history who became acutely unresponsive at home. CPR initiated,
had BP and pulse by the time EMS arrived. Confused in ED, CT
scan of the head was unrevealing.  Neuro consulted in the ED and
they felt unlikely to be primary neuro issue. No PE or
pneumothorax on CTA.  The patient was ROMI.  The patient was
admitted to MICU for hypotension and monitoring overnight.  The
EP Cardiology team was consulted and they found 6 minutes of
spontaneous VT occurring precisely at 7PM on the night of
admission after interrogating his pacer.  His device was not
programmed to fire for this particular arrhythmia.  His device
was reprogrammed. The patient had no further significant
arrhythmic events during this admission.  He was noted to have
anterograde amnesia after his arrest which most likely related
to transient ischemia in the brain.  The patient will require
follow up with behavioral neurology.
.
# Osteomyelitis - The patient had a chronic left LE ulceration
related to a hospitalization several years ago.  It looked
erythematous and had purulent drainage on admission.  Podiatry
was consulted for deep tracking foot ulcer on left plantar
surface. Podiatry ecommended broad spectrum antibiotics.  A foot
xray was consistent with osteomyelitis.  Non-invasive arterial
studies were obtained to evaluate the blood flow to his LE prior
to an debridement.  The patient had poor arterial blood flow in
his left LE and [**Month/Day/Year 1106**] surgery was consulted and they
recommended
angiography and possible revascularization procedure in the next
week.  He was discharged on Linezolid and Ciprofloxacin.  He has
close follow up arranged with his PCP, [**Name10 (NameIs) 1106**] surgery and
podiatry.
.
# CHF, systolic.  His last EF 25%. He appeared clinically
euvolemic.  His digoxin and sotalol were continued.  His
diuretics (lasix and spironolactone) were restarted at lower
doses given the patient's renal function. Echocardiogram was
preformed during this admission.
.
# Renal Function - The patient's creatinine began to rise during
this admission most which was felt to be secondary to vancomycin
toxicity.  The patients diuretics were held.  He was not
pre-renal by labs or volume-depleted on exam.  There was not
evidence of AIN, ATN or renal obstruction.  His creatinine
improved after the vancomycin was discontinued.
.
# The patient's stable medical issues include: Hypothyroidism,
Hyperlipidemi, Anxiety, Insomnia,
.
# CODE: FULL