
An 89 year old gentleman with systolic CHF, chronic foley who
presented from rehab with Psuedomonal/E. Coli urosepsis.

#) Urosepsis:  The patient was admitted to the MICU for
management of urosepsis.  While there he was maintained on
neosynephrine for 2 days.  He was started on Vancomycin & Zosyn.
 The patient was called out to the floor on Zosyn & Tobramycin.
Further microbiologic data suggested a treatment change to
Tobramycin & Ceftazidime to be continued until [**2101-1-12**].
Throughout this admission the patient's chronic foley due to
bladder diverticulum remained in place and regularly irrigated.

-Ceftazidime 2g IV Q12h last dose [**2101-1-12**]
-Tobramycin 100mg IV Q24, decrease dose to 80mg on [**2101-1-9**] to
finish course on [**2101-1-12**].
-Foley requires hand irrigation q4-6 hours, no continuous
bladder irrigation.

#) Atrial Fibrillation:  The patient has a history of atrial
fibrillation for which he is on chronic anti-coagulation and
metoprolol.  Due to his poor PO intake and self-sustained rate
control, the patient will not be continued on metoprolol.  His
coumadin was held for much of his admission given a
supratherapeutic INR.  He will be discharged on 2mg daily with
PT levels to be followed twice weekly, goal [**12-21**].

#) Chronic DVTs: Anticoagulated as above.

#) Malnutrition/Wound Care (Sacral Decubitus & leg ulcers):  The
patient is tolerating limited PO with siginificant aspiration
risk & aspiration events.  Other feeding options were discussed
with the family but they have opted to maintain oral feeding.
Of note, the patient has a low Albumin in the 1s with
significant wound care issues as well as significant scrotal
edema.  The patient was admitted on Zinc, Vitamin C, & Vitamin B
but due to his poor ability to consume pills these medicines
have not been continued.

#) Leukocytosis: The patient has had a maintained elevated white
blood cell count while admitted. This is likely due to his
ongoing Pseudomonal UTI/chronic foley.  An assay for C. diff was
sent off and the results will be called to the accepting
facility.
- If C. Diff positive, will begin Flagyl 500mg IV Q8 at the
discretion of the family.

#) CHF: The patient has a history of Congestive Heart failure.
Given his renal failure and hypotension his lasix was initially
held. Given his tenuous renal failure we have not restarted
Lasix on discharge.

#) Pain: The patient was maintained on a fentanyl patch and with
tylenol and morphine IV.  On discharge he will be transitioned
to sublingual or liquid morphine for pain control.

# ARF: The patient has persistent renal failure with baseline
creatinine 0.8, 1. on discharge. All medicines were renally
dosed.

# Hypertension:  The patient's beta blocker and ace inhibitor
were not continued.

# Type 2 Diabetes:  The patient was continued on an insulin
sliding scale but did not require insulin.  We recommend
reducing his finger sticks to once daily only.

# Anemia: The patient had fluctuating blood volume without clear
blood loss other than phlebotomy.  He was not transfused on this
admission.

# L heel stage II pressure ulcer: Wound care as above.

# Dementia:  The patient has chronic dementia.  He was unable to
reliably take food by mouth, however in accordance with the
family wishes he was fed but kept on aspiration precautions.