
66 yo male with hx of severe COPD, recent DVT now off coumadin,
AAA, and multiple admissions for COPD exacerbations and PNA, p/w
COPD exacerbation and found to have multifocal PNA on CT.
Patient was admitted with shortness of breath, treated with nebs
in the ER, and ultimately required bipap. Patient was
transferred to the ICU, where he was weaned off Bipap and
eventually tolerating O2 via NC. He was started on Solumedrol
and Levaquin/Ceftriaxone. Patient was transferred to the floor
on O2 via NC and converted to PO Prednisone. We also stopped the
ceftriaxone and continued the levaquin. Patient eventually was
tolerating RA and was discharged home with VNA services.

Problem [**Name (NI) **]:
1. COPD Exacerbation: Patient started on ceftriaxone, levaquin,
and IV solumedrol on admission and required bipap. He was
quickly weaned off bipap and continued on abx and steroids. He
rapidly improved clinically and was saturating well on RA upon
discharge. He was discharged and instructed to take 50 mg
Prednisone daily x 3 days, and taper by 10 every three days
thereafter.

2. Multifocal PNA: Patient had leukocytosis on admission and
found to have evidence of multifocal PNA on CT. He was started
on Levaquin and Ceftriaxone. Blood cultures were negative as was
legionella antigen. The leukocytosis quickly resolved over the
hospitalization and the ceftriaxone was discharged once patient
was transferred to general medicine floor. Patient was
discharged after completing a 5 day course of his levaquin.

3. Cavitary Lung Lesion: Seemed to have decreased based on CT
done on admission. Patient was intructed to follow up with
pulmonologist and PCP. [**Name10 (NameIs) **] was read as negative.

4.  DVT: Patient received duplex ultrasound that demonstrated
resolving clot in Left superficial femoral. New thrombus found
in posteriar tibial. Patient was kept on prophylaxsis heparin
dosing.

5. Hyperglycemia: Patient was on insulin sliding scale secondary
to steroid use. Patient was also started on basal NPH when he
received his dose of steroids. He was instructed to use the NPH
at home, starting with 12 units, when he takes his steroid dose
every morning. He was instructed to check his glucose via
glucometer to make sure sugars were stable. He was instructed to
contact PCP with results so that he can taper his daily insulin
shot to prevent hypoglycemia.

6. Hyperlipidemia: Stable on atorvastatin.

7. Hypertension: Stable. No medications were required.

8. Osteoporosis: Patient continued on Vitamin D.

Patient remained DNR, but not DNI during this hospitalization.
Patient was also advised to stop smoking. He was given scripts
for nicotine patches and gum.