  The patient was admitted to the intensive
care unit.  CT surgery was requested to see the patient.  The
patient underwent CT chest, abdomen and pelvis with
reconstruction and 3-D imaging.  The chest portion showed
extensive emphysema changes throughout both lungs.  There was
an 8.2 x 6.7 mm nodular density in the right upper lobe.
There is atelectasis present in the base.  There were several
large intrathoracic mediastinal nodes.  There were several
scattered sub centimeter mediastinal lymph nodes.  CT of the
abdomen with and without contrast revealed the left kidney
was absent.  There is free fluid in the upper abdomen
surrounding liver and spleen.  The pancreas is atrophic.  The
right renal gland and right renal kidney appear unremarkable.
The pelvis CT with and without contrast revealed streaked
artifacts and bilateral hip replacements.  Diverticular
disease in the sigmoid colon without evidence of
diverticulitis.  There is no significant pelvic
lymphadenopathy.  Musculoskeletal shows degenerative changes
present in the lumbar spine as well as a well defined
sclerotic focus in the left iliac bone most likely a bone
island.  CT of the abdomen with extensive atherosclerotic
disease of the aorta and its branches.  The right and left
coronary arteries arise from a normal expected anatomical
location.  The descending aorta at the level of the right
main pulmonary artery is 38 x 38 mm.  There is extensive
concentric noncalcification plaque present in the descending
thoracic and abdominal aortas.  There are multiple ulcerative
plaques throughout the entire course of the descending aorta.
The descending aorta at the level of the left inferior
pulmonary vein measures 42.2 x 37.4 mm.  The abdominal aorta
in the upper abdomen above the celiac access measures 37.3 x
49.3 mm.  The celiac access, superior mesenteric artery are
widely patent.  Inferior mesenteric artery was not clear to
visualize.  There is an abdominal aortic aneurysm that
measures 63.5 x 65.1 mm in maximum transverse diameter.
There is a 24 x 24.6 mm right common iliac aneurysm which
contains concentric mural thrombus.  CT surgery was consulted
after review of the CT scan.  In discussion with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 1391**]
and CT surgery Dr. __________ it was determined the patient
was not a surgical candidate because of extensive medical
problems, respiratory problems.  The patient was made DNR,
DNI.  Blood pressure medications were adjusted to stabilize
blood pressure.  The patient was transferred out of the ICU
to the regular nursing floor on [**2133-9-9**].  The patient was
discharged to home with well controlled blood pressure
without any symptoms.  The patient's creatinine at discharge
was 1.1.  The patient should follow up with the primary care
physician for continued blood pressure monitoring and blood
pressure medication adjustment.  She should call primary care
if she develops any chest, back, abdominal pain or near
syncopal episodes.