
# Respiratory failure/Methemeglobinemia:  The patient was
intubated with sats in the high 90s after methylene blue.  ABGs
showed improving trend.  Methemeglobinemia likely over at point
of transfer to MICU.  Weaned off vent to CPAP and was extubated
in the afternoon on [**9-2**] by the pulmonary team.  Cardiac enzymes
were trended and were stable.  Reglan was held. Toxicology
followed during stay in MICU and methylene blue was redosed.
.
# Thyroid & Esphageal Carcinoma: Intent of care remained
palliative during this admission. Chemoradiation was deemed to
not have made a significant impact on the patient's symptoms,
which continue to be cough, difficulty breathing / talking, and
dysphagia. The decision was made to stop further chemotherapy
and pursue potential surgical avenues for further palliation. A
number of medication changes were also made, including starting
Mirtazapine for appetite stimulation per palliative care, and
Acetylcysteine and Codeine/Guiafenesin to promote productive
coughing.
.
# Transient hypotension: The patient developed transient
hypotension in the setting of propofol boluses, diarrhea.
Hypovolemia also possible given sinus tach.  Blood pressure
normalized with fluid boluses and in the absence of fever or
leukocytosis, sepsis was deemed unlikely and empiric Vanc/Zosyn
was discontinued.
.
# ARF: Recent elevation this month in the setting of new chemo,
possibly prerenal from chemo associated diarrhea. Cr remained
stable at 1.2; the patient was discharge with Cr 1.1.
# Hyponatremia: Hypovolemic hyponatremia normalized from 132 to
139 upon discharge with volume resuscitation.
