
Patient was taken to the operating room and underwent an
orthotopic liver transplant; the patient only required 1 unit of
packed cells, 2 units of
platelets, 500-cc of albumin, and 1 unit of cryo intraop. He was
taken to the APCU intubated and in stable condition. Patient did
extremely well and was therefore extubated later that day (ahead
of the pathway). He stayed in the ICU for monitoring for another
24hours, and was then transferred to the floor late on POD1.
From here he made a remarkabel recovery. He continued to make
good urine and LFTs went downward for the first few days. He
ambulated with assitance and tolerated good po pretty early.
Some hampering to his recovery was the fact that he is blind and
somewhat deaf - he was continually claiming to be depressed
because of boredom and lonliness. Duplex on POD1 was normal, and
CXRs continued to be normal. His CVL was removed before he left
the ICU. On POD5 his LFTs bumped up slightly, so he recieved 2
boluses of steroids as a precautionary measure and a repeat US
was performed which showed a mural thrombus in the donor IVC.
Biopsy was done which was normal and without signs of rejection.
After that, LFTs started to decline again and patient continued
to do extremely well.